Started like raising his voice and just getting kind of hostile and I was just like, all right, whatever like I'm just gonna let this guy go So that's yeah, man, it's been a rough month Well a couple things man. So first of all with the three-day trial dude, what I would do is Unless it's it mean if it hasn't been a huge issue for you so far It might not be worth bothering but like all of that stuff like any sort of I'm not against like guarantees Kind of letting people trial stuff out whatever right but I am against like just giving that to him just to give it to him Right that should be like an objection cover That you use and like you make it feel like something that's like that's real special to it's basically you're doing it as like a trade Right, so you isolate down the objection you get to the concern which is typically typically gonna be like fear Or is this a scam? How can I trust you? And it's like dude totally understand. There's a lot of people out there who like don't do what they say these online programs So we don't usually do this But you know Is there any other reason aside from that that's keeping you from being less than 100% certain that you feel like the right thing now? Is the right time cool? So if it's just like the worry of you know, it's been a Couple internet scammers gonna take your money and go out to Mexico What we can do for you is Basically, we'll let you in for a week. You can talk to our clients Get some like literally use all of our resources use our team get results So you can see this is a real thing and if for any reason, you know a week later You're like this isn't what Sam said it was gonna be this doesn't seem like the right thing. Whatever Dude, we'll just refund you and and no words and we'll put that in your contract So if I'm willing to do for that for you, is that something you're willing to move forward with right now? So I would do something like that. That's a good I've used that to close a lot of people But I would never just like You know, you never want to really want to have it in there, right? Cuz then it's like you might not use it and then somebody who is in reads that and they're like, oh shit I can three days I can go through everything and it's not what it seems. I'm just gonna fail, right? You know, there's a lot of times they'll log in and they'll be like, oh is this just a course and then they just like Oh, this isn't what you know It's just that first couple of days is kind of Emotional sometimes that's just my advice. Yeah now to touch on another point that you were saying You know, there is a lot of uncertainty right now the biggest thing is You got to be at that beacon of light beacon of certainty that grounds everybody else right because really like here's the thing that I've noticed because you know, there's a lot of gurus coming out with like Offers that are repositioned around all this stuff and I've seen people do kind of well with it and it's like After going because I've bought in some of their stuff to and after going through it It's like nobody knows what the F is going on in my opinion. So it's just there's certain people who decide to be leaders and it's like they're gonna come out there say look like like they're gonna try to remove those constraints for people and lead them through the problems that they're having and Then there's people are gonna do nothing. So you might as well be the latter and be a leader And with the investment banking job market like unless like there's a real You know industry specific thing that I'm not understanding like I don't think it's gonna go anywhere Right, like it's still gonna be around So this is one of those things where if it makes it harder people are dropping recruits to dropping interns do like now Everything that you might have learned during school that what you thought was gonna work out for you to be able to land the job But you really want That might not be able to not that's not gonna be enough to secure that job So now is a time more than ever you need to like hedge everything in your favor Because the last thing you want because of this thing that's going on right now is to go You know all those years in school $100,000 in debt with your parents and then not end up with the position that you got into that got into that or first place Yeah, that's kind of the angle that So, you know, I've been talking about it with my Salespeople to like just how to handle these types of objections and I think that's that's the direction that we're going into which is just like Leaning into it and saying yeah, it's gonna get harder. Yeah, well with your ads Look at the training. I did with Mike Renard in the free group. I would test creatives that have The lead starts with something that's slight you can't directly acknowledge it or you're gonna get flacked but that's slightly Acknowledges what's going on? You know quote like you could do a soundbite Within with everything that's going on or Trying to think Something along the lines of like with everything that's going on right now I thought I had my position locked in but now those companies are dropping in terms like flies Something like that, right? It's just Yeah, I've got a good one for that so I mean look What you want to do is enter your ideal clients head at the moment They have the realization that something's changed and what's that narrative? So the narrative my guess is going to be How much it's moving from well, I'm not concerned about the competition now I'm concerned about the environment so What we teach it's the fundamentals that help you navigate both the environment in the competition Now what shifted is the emphasis from the competition to how do you stand out against the environment? So it's the same offer. You just change like the the guy who's thinking how am I gonna do this? This is my dream. Is it even available to me? That's the I don't know if this is possible for me Objection that you need to cover anyway for someone who's a newbie. Does that make sense? So they just someone who has a lot of experience and might have felt really confident before it's an even better opportunity for you to sell even higher quality clients like people who have a better resume or They're going, you know, yeah before this I was pretty confident, but now I just know that there's fewer opportunities So so you just what you do is you make it very easy to swallow by saying hey we were dealing with this before The environment that you compete in how do you deal with that? And how do you deal with the competition now? It's just shifted So guys, there's a lot of scare tactics out there. We just deal with the fundamentals here Wall Street mastermind so like that's kind of how you keep it really grounded That's how you you know get believability from those kind of people to I think just after listening to one of your calls as well I mean these people are really smart. They're not gonna They're not gonna like your your nuclear apocalypse plan for getting into investment banking. They're gonna be like that's silly unless the inlet there's probably something like that, but Yeah, a good primary strategy. Does that help man? Yeah. No, definitely. I have been thinking about Tweaking some of the ad angles And funny enough, so I dropped a two-step in my client group yesterday to collect video testimonials because I don't have any videos I don't like all audio interviews. All right, so I like beef up my Testimonials page with that especially during this time so I dropped I was like offered to do like a live workshop in return for like a short video and I think you're like really struck a chord because like everyone wanted it and so I think I might take that two-step I think I might take that two-step and just like modify it Into like a ad for cold traffic basically and just test it Yeah, I would test several different leads look at that training with Mike it's a he puts it right in the beginning so I Test several different leads that it's like, you know The typical Robert call your thing enter the conversation already going on in the prospects mind Right and it's just because we're wired right now to where like all the attention is on this thing and So if we you know If we acknowledge that we know what's going on in it Like we're not necessarily talking about it But by the very nature of acknowledging that we kind of are We're we're taking some of that attention and I've heard those ads with that He's made those changes on are absolutely crushing it, dude So I would try that I mean that's for all you guys running ads I would do that. I would do that when you're organic because like There is opportunity If you for most markets, right if you're running a jujitsu school and it shut down then No, but for most of us here There is opportunity in this like for instance with me It's a really good time to ramp up a traffic and build and scale out your sales floor because applications are so cheap So you're not wasting as much money and be able to do that and the competition is a little bit easier but and especially if you can figure out how to buy or sell in this environment, it's like Gonna be so much easier moving forward. So That's one thing Where do I find this interview Cole you send Mike Bernard Bernard? Yeah, it's in the it's in my secrets group free group He's a he writes for a lot of big names Kevin Rogers Few other guys and does their ads this recent. Yes two days ago Okay, not in the units. I need to I need to just press add to units, but it's good. He's a smart guy Oh Mike Bernard got it. Yeah real quick. I got a little training for you guys. I think you guys are gonna like It's just basically and I really shouldn't even call it a training it's just this is I was doing this for my own sales process because I've kind of reworked my offer a little bit and because of that I'm reworking my sales process my pitch and I'm basically taking everything in weeks two three and four and Distilling it down and applying it to my offer specifically and I think it would really help you guys to kind of look over my shoulder And see how this is done like real time because sometimes I understand especially when you're learning something new it's hard to take like generalized theory and Apply it to your specific situation in a way that you can implement on your calls Okay, so before I do that though, I want to check in with David and Mitchell because I know you guys see a lot of volume. How are you guys as floors this week? Well volume is a pretty sucky for me I'm at zero closes for the week, dude Was that that's where Ryan's offer. Yeah David what about your guys's volume this week? I'd say it's this like glad like last week was like really good this week's been challenging I'm I'm at two deals have one more that should come in today. So it should be three deals, which is kind of a Low like not a great week for me. I mean, it's not like Last week was like six. So like The the landscape changed starting Monday So, I Would say that what I'm seeing this week in terms of challenges is that like what I what I'm think what I'm feeling mindset wise is like Is like man, it's like time to be a fucking warrior cuz like this is real there is a challenge here but it's like This isn't time like we can be soft when times are good and we can't be soft right now And it's it is I'm seeing like just there are still good apps coming in. That's the good news It's like there are still apps. There's still our sales to make But it's a it's a challenge. I'm seeing more Having more kind of like cancellations with like a lot of like reschedules people just being kind of confused or like just like seeming overwhelmed, so I'm working on just I'm trying to show up with leadership and strength and all those good things that we're talking about In the face of this challenge is what I'm what I'm saying. And that's what you need to be doing After this, I don't think this will take too long after this Let's talk about some of the objections. You guys are getting what you're seeing on the calls I know show rates are probably a little bit of if But I just got off a call with I don't know if you guys know Perry Marshall, but um, he's like an old-school like Like the Dan Kennedy type of guys been doing it for a long time like back into the 90s Or even before that direct response and was one of the first guys online So been through like multiple multiple multiple recessions and one of the things he said that I'll share with you guys Is it like right now? We're very much and still the shock phase and I know again I don't think this is necessarily going away and there might be stuff that builds up and you know might even get worse in some cases But at the same time people are gonna kind of start to get used to You know for however long it's gonna be right so that shocks gonna go away and people will naturally kind of gravitate to What the F am I gonna do? You know, I need to do something and it's actually gonna create a little bit of urgency So, I think it'll actually pick up a little bit more next week unless Something else, you know freaking shocking comes out and it gets even way worse, which is possible So that's something that I think you guys have to look forward to because I do think it will be a little bit easier It's kind of a shock effect So basically what I want to show you guys that's one other thing Cole I'm what like I think one thing that I'm running into too is like I feel like there's a place where like someone might be a little scared, but it's still the best thing for them to like move forward and for me to like Stand up for them with leadership of like to do that. There's other situations where some prospects I'm talking to you like their shit is turned so upside down that they don't even like Where maybe the best thing is to actually delay to where like If they're really if they're telling me that their situation I'm like gosh I Where I feel like from a leadership perspective they they should delay things I guess there's certain situations where I want to delay from a place of leadership so that knowing that they actually are a really good prospect and not that'll build trust in terms of like I see this as a good opportunity to build pipeline to for like once things Settle down a little bit. So I'm seeing both situations. I wanted to get your perspective on that Well, it depends on the situation Diagnose what's gonna be the best part the best thing for the person and how to lead them to the best outcome If I have no idea what the context of that actual person is going through right so it just depends I mean Dude, there's a lot of things you can bring out though I mean in a lot of senses dude, they still the best thing for them is still to do something It's still to pivot in position and change their marketing approach. Maybe they're doing live events They need to go in person and fill those in-person events Sorry, maybe they're doing in-person events I need to go virtual and find a way to fill rework the offer and then fill those virtual events with YouTube But then with certain people Depending on the business, you know, they are Stuck for a little bit, especially like the brick-and-mortar So we can dive into specifics. Do you always have access to be on rocks or two if you want? We can go back and Q&A here in like 20 30 minutes after I get through this So you guys have seen this document right this Of a Document full of questions, right? It covers the seven beliefs Pain doubt pain doubt cost desire money support trust Everybody's seen this. Okay. So who here and I'm not gonna judge has been like Man, that's a lot of questions Like how a little f do I take that and apply it to my calls in a way which is smooth natural And then I'm gonna understand Scratches next so he doesn't want to oh, can you say that question again? What was the question? I wouldn't basically It's a question, bro. But I was saying like who's had trouble taking This document that's like, you know however Many freaking pages and being like how do I apply this and actually get all of this stuff in there? In like 20 minutes in a way that's smooth in a way. That's natural And I did at first but not anymore Yeah, well, you've been working with me for a little bit. So here's the Is I just reworked my own a new sales process for a new offer or a reworked offer that we're doing and you know, I I kind of was taking this document and Seeing how i'm going to apply in a way to where I can diagnose the patient Was taking this document and Seeing how i'm going to apply in a way to where I can diagnose the pain down cost desire all that stuff like 15 20 minutes and so Here's an exercise. I want to share with you guys that I think is going to be super helpful because what you don't do guys and like i've caught people doing this and it It's like one of my pet peeves is like don't like print this off and use it as a script Like you should not have this on up on your computer expecting to go through it and like Scroll through this during your call. That's a recipe for disaster Okay the much much better way Is I would first like make a process map of The different key areas that you want to hit And typically what it's going to look like is this so this offer is basically Um sales team building. It's for our sales team accelerator and it's for um Slight done for you recruiting on the front end and then done with you in terms of recruiting hiring training managing and scaling the sales team okay, so With this offer. I want to overlay pain doubt cost desire money support trust In a way where i'm going to hit all those seven outcomes within 20 minutes And do it succinctly and make sure i'm only using like one to two three questions per outcome So I can get that pretty quickly. Okay, so i'll show you how i'm doing that So just as we start off With that first shot across the bow question. What's your biggest challenge? What's not working right now to elicit the problem? We're going to do that here Okay So we're going to do that here. What's the biggest sticking point with your sales team? What's happening right now in your business? That's making like working on your sales team. We're trying to possibly get help with that a priority Okay, so we want to make that shot across the file question still every single time All right, and by the way guys It's going to be a little bit easier for me if you guys like feel free to interrupt me ask me questions Whatever you want Because some dialogue will be helpful here. So we do this first question And we're going to get a multitude of things now for any one offer What you're going to find is there's typically no more and i'd say three tops Problems that you can solve or that they're going to have that you can solve Okay so for instance, you know, um Mitchell with the offer you're selling there's basically what? There's bad offer Bad leads Or some types of like systems and scaling related challenge that could come to sales team Uh fulfillment delivery, it's probably going to be fulfillment and delivery and processes, right? So there's offer And mitchell's offer that he was used to be selling or still selling is um Like an agency biz op offer so start and grow your own agency. There's offer acquisition fulfillment That's it Pretty much, you know, and if somebody might come on with this this weird freaking problem. That's Totally off the wall. You may or may not be able to solve that but you know 95% of the time am I wrong? You're going to get those ones, right? Right. Yep. All right, so You want to find out what those three are? For you. I know i've worked with sam on that Um, if you do any sort of biz op, it's all it's almost always going to be offer Acquisition and then also fulfillment time with delivery and clients because typically they don't have an offer then once they have an offer They don't have leads once they have leads Either they can't sell so they blame it on the leads Or some very small segment of people will actually try to get better at sales But once they're converting well enough with that then they have clients Next problem is actually streamlining fulfillment because they have too many clients. It takes up their time to get overwhelmed Then I mean, you know after that it kind of you get out of the biz oppy space Then you get more into like what I do, which is like a specialist type of offer But you want to narrow down what your three problems are, okay So with here what I did like i'm talking to people who want to grow and scale a sales team So this is going to be somebody who is an entrepreneur. They're taking the calls all themselves, right? They feel like a call center instead of a business. They're on calls all day every day when they would rather be training clients working on the business Uh creating new traffic channels doing events writing books content being a leader not an employee of their own business, right? So what are their problems going to be? Well The first one and you might have to kind of do a little bit of research here The first one's going to be I don't know where to start. I don't know where to find sales reps I don't know how to hire them. I don't know how to tell the good from the bad It all comes in this binding and hiring sales reps What's the other problem? Well, they're spending too much time on the phone. I'm on the phone so much That i'm caught working in my business not working on my business Right, so i'm on this perpetual hamster wheel And I just never have a time to breathe To where I can actually kind of get out of the weeds make strategic decisions from a ceo visionary level Okay, the third problem is maybe they actually have like a team of one two, three people setters closers, whatever But the performance isn't up to the level. They truly know it could be Okay, does this make sense so that's my three problems All right now I put up here like I could talk to like somebody could very well book a call with me who wants to hire a salesperson and not have leads right, or they might um Not have a good offer or they're like it's a new offer They've never sold right and they just think a salesperson's gonna be able to do it. Right? So there's this whole like You know if they say any of that stuff I could maybe still help them in the academy depending on kind of their business So that's a whole that like segues into a whole different process right, but this is for the sales team, so The first thing I do is I narrow down these three problems All right, and the reason we're going to do this is because for each of these problems We're going to craft questions that allow us to really understand the problem clearly To chunk it down to the specifics which really elicits the pain Um and also create doubt around their ability to fix the problem Okay, and it's also we're going to kind of craft these questions in a way where even just by the nature of asking them It's going to position us as the expert that we know the solution to that problem. Does that make sense? Okay, so i'll show you how I did this here so we have these three problems And remember the frame we're going through is pain doubt cost desire money support trust right Those are the seven beliefs We need to hit on every single sales call so For like What you want to do is use this sheet as inspiration and then start crafting Your questions for each of those so right finding and hiring sales reps The first thing I want to do is be like tell me more Okay, the second thing I want to do After I kind of fully understand what's going on If I don't already I want to understand well what their current like we have now we have the prop we've isolated that Then we want to understand what they're currently doing to try to fix the problem Or are you currently trying to do anything to uh Recruit sales reps right now. Yeah, you know i'm posting on linkedin. I'll post on facebook groups. I ran some ads on indeed Okay. Well, how's that going for you? Right? We want to dig into that then we want to chunk that down Okay Is this making sense so far guys? So we want to chunk that down, okay great so You know what we have found Through working with dozens of clients is that having a full pipeline of sales reps is going to allow you to hire from sales abundance Opposed to self-scarcity and actually have the biggest hire of eliminating this hires and hiring a player which is who you really want So let's kind of take an inventory of your pipeline here just last week How many new potential candidates like good quality candidates? Did you talk to in terms of? um You know bringing on potentially the sales rep Okay zero what about the week before One what about the week before that one Gotcha okay and then So, you know three and then we want to move on to a doubt question, right? So we just chunked it down to where I started that by saying and you can do this for like everything I do it for lead generation all the time I started by saying So what we found Working with dozens of clients is like one of the most important things to be up to be able to actually Do this outcome successfully find and recruit sales reps? They're going to be a player as opposed to people who are mishires and going to waste your time and money Is having a full pipeline to begin with so you're making decisions out of a place of sales abundance opposed to self-scarcity So let's because of that let's take an inventory on your pipeline right now just last week How many new sales reps potential candidates for your position did you talk to exactly Okay, so you guys see like what do you think knowing most entrepreneurs what do you think guys they're going to say to that question