just make sure and poke around somewhere else too. You know, like, well, is that causing you to work extra hours to play catch up? You know, like just common sense questions that highlight what's actually happening for them. And then you can dig into, well, you know, what happened that made you decide that that's not how you want to run your business for the next five years and just kind of cut straight to it with them because it's kind of obvious that they don't want it to be that way. So yeah, just make sure and paint a picture around that a little bit more than just, okay, so you have no idea what's going on and it's causing you stress period, you know, dig into the stress, how that stress might be impacting them and then talk about, well, you know, because you don't know your numbers, what else is happening? Are you working extra hours? Are you, you know, making decisions that aren't have you made a decision yet that you're like, God, that was a stupid decision. You know, those kinds of questions can kind of help you too. Is that helpful? Yeah. Awesome. Trying to keep it common sense though. Just don't, don't make it too complicated for people that don't know their numbers. I'm moving on. I want to talk about how we transition this to the cost. Okay. I teach this in the training. I'm going to teach it verbatim again because I'm telling you guys I do this every time and it just works so well. So if it's like, I know you guys, if you've enrolled in this training, you've at least, if you've taken sales calls, you've at least had a few times where, um, okay, you know, we were on the call. I just couldn't really get to the pain. I just couldn't really get to like urgency, right? Well, this is how you do it. And you do it in a super cool way to where you're not feeling like, like you're asking for it. So I just copy and pasted this off of this sheet. It's in there. So once you have the problems, it's like we want to get through pain and doubt and like understanding, like we want to get a full understanding on the issue. Okay. And then after we get through all this stuff and you know, we might've covered tertiary stuff as well. Finances support, even maybe a little bit of trust. If they, you know, if they kind of bring us up, we can ask them questions. It's all fluid. But then we want to ask, I love just always when you have the problem, stretch it, right? Like how long has it been going on? Two years, you know, you'll, you'll get all sorts of stuff. And you know, you might get three months, whatever. Can't have, there's no negative effects of asking it. How long has this been going on asset every single time? And then what we want to do is that actually sets us up for our solution questions. Now, this isn't one of the seven beliefs, but this is really important because it helps you understand if they've been burned. Oh, I tried a Facebook ads person before and it didn't work. So like, you know, and that comes up at the end of the call and you're screwed. Okay. Or it allows you to see, I mean, it also allows you to see even if they haven't burned what they've tried in the past, what they liked about it, what they didn't like. So you can position your solution correctly and it helps you see if you're talking to somebody else. Yeah. We're talking to somebody next Tuesday about YouTube ads as well. We've already decided we're going to work with somebody, either you or this other guy on Tuesday. It's just a matter of who. Okay. So when we get here, we want to go through our solution questions. Basically those are all here and we don't have to like guys, when I bring up these lists of questions, like you're not going to ask all of these, right? You're going to ask like two, you know, three, and then you can use these to dig in a little bit further. Depending on what they give you. Right. But I mean, you might ask, Hey, what have you tried in the past and to fix this? If anything, they might say nothing. It's like solution questions over, like we're done, you know? So either way with any problem, we want to stretch the time and then there's two things that are going to happen. Either they've tried a bunch of stuff to fix it or they've tried nothing. Either they've tried a bunch of stuff to fix it or they've tried nothing. Okay. Either way we're going to use the time in their previous behavior to justify asking why they want to fix it now. Okay. Now, obviously you don't have to do it this way every single time. Like there might be times where just organically in the conversation, the why now, why not stay where you are? What's going to happen if nothing changes the urgency that just comes up naturally or you just ask like what's going to happen if nothing changes. So I'm not saying you should do this every time, but it is a very, especially for business offers, really any offer. It's a great way to always set yourself up in it for a cool way to ask it. That's not invasive. Okay. So if they tried nothing, okay, great. So, you know, can I ask you a personal question? So, I mean, you want to been, you've, you've wanted to leave your nine to five for three years now and you know, you're finally reaching out and looking at some possible options in terms of how to do it. You know, I'm curious, but why all of a sudden is this something that's important to transition out of right now? I mean, why not stay where you are with a nine to five? And then we always follow that up with, is there any other reason it's important that you want to transition out and don't want to stay where you're at? Right. So one, two punch. Okay. This one, I learned this randomly from somebody sometime, but man, it's the best. Like cause usually what's going to happen here is you'll get like, when people want to change, there's typically two reasons they want to change. Right. There's like the reason they come up with, it's like the socially acceptable reason. Oh man, I just want to scale up for impact. You know, it's like tight bro. But then there's like the real reason. Okay. There's like the reason why they actually want to, you know, do the thing. So there's like the reason they would tell you if they had five, six, seven beers and you guys are sitting at a bar and there's the reason, like the good reason they would post on social media, you know, it's like bullshit. So they're both valuable. And sometimes you'll get there, like, especially when you ask it like this, guys, you, the answers you're going to get to why now, why not stay where you are is so much better, like way better. Cause you're, you're using context to justify like why you're asking the question. You're almost like, it's, you're basically painting a picture by the very way you're asking the question, like, man, you were doing it this other way in the past, but now all of a sudden, like you're doing it this way and like you're focused on this thing, like why, you know? And so you're going to get so much better responses. Also don't sleep on, can I ask you a personal question? Cause one permission is going to give you better compliant answers to, by the very nature, you're saying personal, you're going to get a personal response. Does that make sense? Any questions on that? Okay. So then we follow that up with that makes, I mean, look, I mean, we might get enough here to where we don't have to do this, but it's optional. Okay, great. That makes sense. Can I ask you another personal question? Sure. Okay. And you know, I really hate to ask you this, but what's your plan if nothing changes? Like, you know, what's your plan at the last three years of hating your boss and doing the nine to five or like the next three years. Okay. And notice too, like I'm not doing a really good job of it because it's, it's hard when you're just talking by yourself, but at the same time, you do want to like, there's a name, there's a name for this. I forget what it's called, but it's like you do kind of want to stutter as you're asking the question. It's like, you're think really thinking deeply about what they're saying and what you're asking. And it's not coming off as like scripted, right? Like you don't want it to be like real pointed. Some of your questions can be very pointed. You're thoughtful ones you want deep answers to. You don't want to like that, right? That's what's going to make it seem super organic and not like it's not combative, right? Not like you're just like, really just like pounding them with these questions. Then it's a real conversation. It's dialogue. Jeremy Miner's really good at that. Like coming across natural. He's, he's, that's who I learned it from. He's like the best I've ever seen at that. Ridiculous. Yeah. His tonality is insane. What does he call it? Like, uh, like some, some people call it like, like Jim Camp negotiation guy will call it being like a little not all right. You know, just being like just really natural, almost like just slightly awkward, like really human, a little like not all right. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's huge, man. Um, I don't know what it's, I don't know what Jeremy calls it, but he has a name for it. I was actually what I was thinking of. Um, but he, like a lot of the stuff you're learning here is, you know, it's stuff like we have very similar philosophy, but at the same time, um, I've just, what I really got from him was just listening to him because his tonality is so good and so grounded. And so like, he is very, very thoughtful and no question I'll ever be invasive. So he's the best at that I've seen. We can follow this up with what I have an impact on you in what way. Yeah. But why now though? Um, you know, if they give a real empathetic and response, like you might get this in weight loss. Oh, I guess, you know, if we're still way too 50, three years from now, I guess I'll still a two 50. Well, can I ask you an honest question? Whose decision is that? Is that something you're willing to settle for? Well, why not though? And if they're like super, you are apathetic, which is like very, very rare. You can always use like the, how negotiating, right? So it's like, if you're willing to, man, I mean, if you're willing to settle, settle for being in the same exact spot three years from now that you are now, how do you expect me to even be able to help you as a client so you can put it back in their court? Now, if they tried a bunch of stuff, it's basically the same exact thing. Wow. Okay. Can I ask you another personal question? After all of that, after spending six figures in two years, trying five to seven different programs that haven't worked, I mean, curious, but what, what has you keeping on keeping up? I mean, what about this business and getting it to seven figures is so important to you, right? So we can ask that. We can always follow up with, is there any other reason this would be important? So this will get you to here, right? So solution questions that sets up what they've tried before, what they haven't tried in the past. Then we, that's what we just did. We stretched time. Why now? Why not stay where you are? We just go through that sequence that I gave you. What's up? What do you do when someone, when you go into like, what's going to happen if nothing changes and they kind of just try to dodge it will be like, by being like, well, it will change or, or like, well, or let's say like a week before your call, like they're, they're in the middle of implementing some new strategy that they think is going to work, but they don't have the data yet that it's not going to work. Something like that. Or, or they're like, well, it will change. I'm going to make sure it does. So those are two different ones there with a, Oh, we just started some strategies that we think are going to work. You have to really dig into those strategies, chunk it down and ask doubt questions and also establish doubt around future problems. Okay. So, you know, even if like the advertising agency you just took on starts to be able to, you know, whatever, I'm trying to, I don't know if that'd be a good one, but you kind of got to have, cause what's really going to sell in that sense is if they are trying something like they hired somebody else to fix the main problem, like last week where you can really stand out is by helping them identify future anticipated problems and seeing if they have a solution or a process to be able to solve that if they were able to get to that. So it's like, there's different constraints in business, right? We, we solve one constraint, we get to the next one, the next one, the next one, it's like offer acquisition, fulfillment, streamlined. Then we got to up our marketing. Then we got to dial in a sales team, so on and so forth. Right. That's like kind of the expert business one. So there's these different constraints we want to be able to like position ourselves. So we're helping them understand when they get solved with that, they're going to have this other problem. They haven't even thought of that's going to come up next. The other thing is like chunking it down, asking really, really good skilled questions about what's going on with that company, what they're doing, how they're doing it. Cause you could reveal like, there's been a lot of times I've been like, yeah, dude, you hired an agency, but they're just driving clicks to your website and you have nowhere to be able to convert the clicks, right? Simple stuff like that. People are very unsophisticated. So that's that one in terms of like it, Oh, but it is going to change. It's like, no dude, it's definitely going to change. That's why we're on this phone call. But what we found through working with dozens of clients is that the best clients, the ones who really come in and take action and be able to get amazing results within the first 30 days, not only are they very committed to change, but they're also associated with what's going to happen if they don't change. Cause some people are not some people, most people when they're, when they're, when they're associated on what's at stake, it lights a fire under their ass to be that much more committed when they do start. So that was a little wordy. Um, I'd say they're most, helpful though. They're most actually really helpful model. Yeah. So what do you want to, the thing you're going to want to bring up is they're most associated with what's at stake or they're very clear with what's at stake. So what we've found through working with hundreds of clients is the ones who come out of the gate and absolutely crush it with us. They work with our team really well. They're motivated. They're easy to work with the type of people we want to attract. They're very clear about what's at stake. So I'm just trying to make sure, you know, if we were to invite you in, you'd be able to get amazing results with us. What do you feel like is at stake with you right now? I know it's going to change. You want it to change. Well, like just hypothetically, what would happen, you know, if nothing happened, what would happen if it didn't? So that's a good kind of thing you can play around with. So once we get it down, like we've chunked, okay, we've gotten, cause really we've, you know, we've gotten clear on the problems. Then we like how long the problem's going on. What have they tried to fix? Fix it in the past, if anything. Okay. Stretch time. Why now? Why not stay where you are costs? Like the moment once we get to like, why now cost and like the personal good stuff, we've got the gold. Then it's like, we're, we're digging into the Valley. It's like we're at the bottom of the pain. We really gotten it. Then what the best way to transition is with a need payoff question to go into desire. Okay. So ultimately if you're able to finally get off sales calls, reclaim your time, open up your calendar and have two to three sales reps converting at the level that you're at right now, what do you feel like that opens you up to do next in your business? What does that do? What does that change? All right. So a need payout question is really, really good. It's like the next step from this. Does that make sense? And then you'd want to go into goals, right? So you have all your goals questions, right? So I usually go goal reason why and then make sure it's connected to one area that didn't talk about. So, and you know, you got to kind of gauge it like, you know, when they have a reason strong enough to where like you have what you need, right. But I usually go reason why the goal is important, connected to one other area of their life where, you know, personal life or something like that. I got a great question. Is that cool? For sure, brother. I want people asking questions. So just something came to mind when you were going through, you know, why not just stay where you're at? It just came to mind because we get that a lot. People that have no problem staying where they're at and they're like, Oh, or like they even tell you, you know, who wants to stay where they're at. Everybody wants to have some type of growth when it comes to their, you know, their career. So why not just stay where I'm at? We're like, who wants to stay with that? So when, when you ask, why not stay where you are? They're saying, well, so what your question is when they ask, why not stay where you are? They're saying, well, who wants to do that? Yeah. Well, who wants to do that? Like we've been in business for like five years. We always want for, we're working real estate. We've done 30 transactions last year. We're going to do 40 this year. Right. So why you, you know, everybody knows that, but what's important to about you, where's your perspective? If there's kind of different ways you can handle it, that'd be really a weird thing to say for somebody who was like struggling. Right. But if you're working with somebody who's like, they're good, there's basically two levels of transformation on the calls. There's subpar to par in part of excellence. Right. So it's like, it's like a point where like, and it's all in relation to where they think they are with other people, actually like not the truth. So it's either they believe they're behind the pack and they need to get the average. Right. So it's like some, you know, older woman, she's a hundred pounds of her weight. She don't want to be, you know, fitness model. She just wants to be like accepted. Right. Not feel like outcasted subpar to par part of excellence is like, um, you know, same thing. It's like, no, I'm in shape. I'm super self-confident. Right. Um, my relationship with my husband's really, really good. I just want to lose an extra six pounds to get to 12% body fat so that, you know, whenever I look good all throughout the year, I look really good on the beach and I can, you know, compete pretty much whenever I want to. Right. So it's like you're not going to get as a deep of a reason with those people because they're more towards oriented than away from Oregon. Okay. Now this is where it gets tricky is like that same transformation could be subpar to par if like, let's say all our friends were fitness competitors and she felt like she was behind the pack. So keep that in mind. But with those guys, cause I know real estate agents, especially with the bigger companies, if they are part of excellence, you know, dude, you're probably not going to get like a, like that. You're not going to get a great response to that question. Right. It's like certain tools, many aren't the best. Yeah. That one's not like the best. What you are going to get good success with, with those guys is the two truths. Cause usually like they're, you know, if they're smart and they're good agents, good, it's like a good brokerage. Like they're not dumb, dude. They've been doing something to try to fix the problem. So you want to create duality around that. And then you want to have a really good, like, like this section right here is where the money's made, man. So you want to have really good stuff here. Yeah. Right. And then also here's the thing, bro, is that when you like, so all of these questions, right. Solution, how long stretch time, like all of these are asked based on the context that was established up here when we chunking down. So for instance, you know, me and Mitchell, I don't know when you're, if you were on the call when we were doing this, but me and Mitchell were talking about like chunking down lead generation. Right. So somebody gets on the call to like, what's your biggest challenge? Oh dude, I can't get clients. Great. Let's see. Kind of like, well, what are you trying to do to get clients now? How's that working out for you? Let's get specific here. How many new appointments would you have with new potential clients last week? What about the week before? What about the week before that? Right. It's when, when you chunk it down and you get very specific, you create doubt and all that stuff. And it's like they're doing zero to one appointments a week. It's, you know, then when you ask, well, you know, you've been doing it this way for three years. I mean, what's the reason why right now where you just don't want to stay where you're at after this context is established up here, when you ask that question, you're going to get a much better response, right? Cause you've really dug in and broken it down. Does that make sense? Yep. Here's the other thing, dude. And I should have probably said this the very first, uh, right. When you asked the question, man, but like the, why not stay where you're at question can be kind of weird, but are you doing it like this way? How long? So you're doing it exactly like this. How long, what have you tried? And then you're asking it like, okay, can I ask you a personal question? You're going to establish. So basically you were doing it this way for however long, like dude. So, you know, past three years you're advertising on Zillow. And like you said, you know, it's good, but you know, it's not at a level you truly know it could be. So, you know, I'm curious, like why all of a sudden you've been doing it this way for three years? Like, why all of a sudden, is this something you're possibly looking into shifting right now? So like, I'll never get it. Well, why wouldn't like that? The question almost doesn't exist when I frame it like that, or that answer doesn't exist when I frame it like that. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. So you're more going into like the wine now that sudden shift, uh, cause they're, I think they're a little bit different. Why not stay where you're at in question, bro. So it's like, well, why not keep using Zillow? But do you see how it's not like, why not stay where you're like, well, when I stay at just 20 grand a month, it's like, why not just keep living with the problem? What this realtor's case that is made up is that he's successful, but he's using Zillow and he's looking for potential ways to get off. So, right. And you're using the timeframe. Cause he could be like, Oh, I don't really like, like, I feel like they own me. You know, I feel like when they want to charge me more, I just have to pay more. I can't do anything about it. I just don't feel like I have control. And you'd be like, dude, well, I totally understand all of that. But like, I guess where I'm really curious is, you know, you've been doing it that way for like five years, you know? Like, so was there, you know, if I can ask you a personal question, like, was there something that happened to where like all of a sudden, like, you were like, dude, freaking screws at low, man, we got to get off that sucker right now. Or like what happened? Do you see what I did there? Same, same thing, same way we're getting that response, but like, we're using all that context. Does that make sense? If it doesn't make sense, dude, but please ask. I got you, bro. That makes a lot of sense in the context without it though. It would sound a little bit weird, but actually finding out where they're at initially. Why not stay where you're at? Why is this important right now? You could get a good answer, but dude, like when you ask it like this, man, it's, it's, you'll never get a weird answer. I won't say never, but probably not going to get a weird answer and you'll get a way better answer. Like they'll go way deeper because of the way you asked it. Does that make sense? Does anybody else have questions on this framework? Because like, man, it's, this is so, so critical for you guys. Let's see what we've got here. Thank you very much. And no worries, man. So, you know, then we go into the payout, desire, trust transition and the pitch. So did you finish what you were saying about the surface level question versus the one after they've had five beers and how to get to the real one? Yeah. It's just like, that's why you ask, is there anything else? Like there's always like a, is there anything else? It's like a socially, like when you ever make it, like when you go on a diet, man, and I've even noticed it's just myself. Like, you know, I have like a real reason I want to lose the weight. Right. But like if somebody asked me when I'm on a diet, like I kind of have like a, reason that just sounds good, you know, fabricated. Oh, you know, I'm just trying to challenge myself right now. You know, I'm not going to tell somebody like, dude, and this isn't, this isn't like what's going on with me. I'm just making this up. But if this was true, I wouldn't say like, I wouldn't go up to somebody and say like, dude, you know, when I look in the mirror, I just fucking hate myself. I would never, you would never say that. Right. But we have like that socially acceptable reason. And then the reason, like if we were a little bit intoxicated, we'd be like, dude, you know, like sitting at the bar with your buddy or drinking a beer. And it's like, man, like, you know, like it just comes out, right? Like, dude, I'm just fucking done with this. Like, that's what you're looking for. You know, basically just asking, like, is there any, is there anything else? Yeah, that makes sense. Um, you know, I'm curious, but I mean, is there any other reason this is important now? So ask as if you're thinking about it, but, uh, yeah, man. So I can, oh, I want to see you guys real fast. I'll stop sharing. But was this based on the way we've been