doing calls. Was this more helpful for you guys? Very. Yeah, we're gonna do so next week. So basically, like, you know, I was just doing that, guys, for this, this, I kind of reworked my offer a little bit. So I was just doing that for when we get on the paid ads, I want to have things systematized, because I'm building a sales team to and all this stuff. So I was just kind of working through this stuff. And as I was doing it, I was like, man, like, I should just show you guys this, because Larissa says this was the holy grail. So, um, yeah, I was just like, man, I gotta show you guys this, because this is like the bridge, I think, between week three, and how it goes. So the last thing I'll say here is that the key to implementing this stuff is crafting. So like, if you guys want some action steps, do the process map. So I'm gonna have to share my screen again. Shit. So do the process map. Okay, I have to give you guys all these resources, do the process map. And I'll review this for you guys, if you want me to find out your big three problems, or two problems or whatever. Kind of map out, um, you know, this isn't really gonna change too much, it's gonna be basically the same thing for everybody. The things you're gonna want to look into is how can we parlay into finances and resources and support. Basically, when you're going into spouse, easiest thing to do is is dig into a time related challenge. Okay, that might be delivery. In my case, it's them being on sales calls too much. It just depends on what your offer is. Finances and resources is always good with like, if you guys sell something that helps people generate leads. Um, you know, you chunk down lead flow. Right? And you just go right into revenue, right? It's like, you chunk down lead flow. Okay, great. So last month, you had eight leads come in, you close to how much was that in revenue? Exactly? Okay, okay, great. So you're basically selling this for 4k. Was that all your revenue? Or is that just those two deals specifically? No, that was that was all my revenue. I just say, Okay, great. Is that gross? Or is that net? So we just went right from like, lead generation challenges and just parlayed it right? financial questions. If you have a non like biz growth offer, the easiest way to do that is like, so, and like, this is like for you, Larissa, it's like, I would ask. Gotcha. So does this impact, right now, you know, you mentioned, like, you've been probably about 30 to 40 pounds, for 30 to 40 pounds heavier than you really want to be for the past two or three years now. Um, you know, I'm curious, like, you mentioned kind of issues getting around the house, I'm always feeling good. Like, how does this impact the energy, like on a scale of one to 10? Yada, yada, yada? Where do you feel like you're at? Okay, great. Well, I know you do, you know, you said like 5060 hours of work. So like, how does it impact the way you show up there? Okay, great. Well, like in house, like, I always like not only want to help clients and health and fitness, but also, if I can coach you in any other way to show up in your lives in a better and more empowering way, I want to do that too. So like, how's work going overall? You know, this is impact work and what way and you can kind of parlay it into that and then start to ask questions around temperature checking their finances and their resources. So you just want to see how you can parlay those ones in. Once you get clear on the problems, the doubt, you want to go to how long, solution questions, fresh time, why now, why not to re-R, cost, need payoff in the desire and transition out. So get clear. I have a question on going into finances. For sure. If that's out of sequence, let me know. But I was gonna say here is like, is a little bit of homework, guys, I'd map out like you're gonna kind of create a little process map, see where these two fit in, map out your one to three big problems. What's your, what's your question? David. Oh, yeah. So I'm not digging into everyone's exact financial situation. I'm kind of doing the 80-20 thing that you mentioned where like, but when I think someone might have a financial issue, I'm trying to come at it from a leadership position of figuring out, you know, figure out what their financial situation is so that I can give them the right guidance and recommendations. So what they're, they're at, and I find probably at least 90% of the time, it goes very well. People are compliant, we dig into finances, they feel like I'm being helpful. And it helps us strategize the best way forward. And I'm usually doing this somewhere like after, after some of the solution questions, somewhere in there. And every once in a while, I'll come into someone who's really like, but kind of combative about this, like, well, I don't want to tell you anything, just I just want to know what it costs. And like, even if I try to reframe that, that it's in their best interest to understand where they're at. So I can even give them recommendations of what might possibly make sense for them. They're like, really? Nope. Like, you know, that's, I don't know, they're just like, get combative. Now, these people are like, kind of usually have other issues as well about why, you know, sometimes they have other issues as well. But what's a good way that you found to deal with situations like that? You know, it depends, man. A lot of it is like, if they feel like the intention you're asking is just to like, like, just to see how much money they have, if they can sniff that intention off of you, you're going to trigger that resistance a little bit. If they you feel like they're like, when I gave an example about how I parlayed in with lead generation. So if we're talking about leads, and, you know, we get into that, then we get into revenues, then we chunk down the revenues. Wow, you're not taking home a lot. Then I started asking him how he's doing. How does that compare to his personal expenses? Now we're all up in what's going on with his finances without it being invasive. And then what I use is, have you gone through the finances module, bro? I have, I could go through it again. Um, stuff there. No, this is not an ROI. It was right down there. It was there for ROI. Oh, here it is. Yeah. So um, this, I use this sucker a lot as well. I mean, well, I can ask you a personal question. And the reason I'm asking is not just if, but even if it is, and timing is predicated on a lot of things, one of which of those things is finances. So, dude, I mean, are you open to having an open and honest conversation? Just so we can figure out, you know, um, the best way, right? That obviously you don't ask it like, um, and then you go home credit. The other thing as well, dude, it's like a great parlay for you is just being like, you know, dude, we just got to see like what your capability is budget wise. Yeah. And then every once in a while I'll get the pushback where they're like, well, I just want you to walk me through all the different possibilities. And then I can tell you what makes sense based on my situation. And they're like, this doesn't happen very often, but when it does, it's like, I don't want to just butt heads with them because every once in a while, someone's just not open. Right. So you say there, dude, no problem right now, Aleric works with guys who are running their first app for the very first time, all the way up to companies who are scaling to a hundred million. And we're for them spending anything less than a hundred grand a day is like peanuts. So, uh, you know, instead of getting, getting into like, you know, four or five hour long laundry list of like every single different possibility in terms of like budgeting options and strategies that we could go over to, you know, I'd love to talk about it. I learned out about it, but, you know, instead of like doing that for five or six hours, what's probably going to be more appropriate is let me get a full idea in the context of where you're at. And then that way I can only share with you the aspects in terms of budgeting that are going to be relevant and specific to your situation, specifically being over options in terms of that. Right. So some sort of language like that, man, you want to contrast it. Like, you can be like, dude, no problem. I love to nerd out about that stuff. But like, you know, here's where we're at. We work with people who are getting their first ad all the way up to like some of the best companies, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. So in terms of like budgeting options, instead of getting into some contrast, instead of getting into like a long, you know, four or five hour conversation, long laundry list of every single different possibility we could do in every single different situation, what's probably going to be more appropriate is, and when you say it like that, dude, with that tonality, so like good. I mean, dude, almost never, unless they have just serious issues, run into a resistance. What if they respond to that with just like, well, we're a startup, so we want to start small, but we do have some access to money. So just whatever you think, like, would make sense for that. But then they like, if they won't, they just no matter how, like even trying to be super reasonable, I can totally appreciate that. You know, I know, I know this is like your first running with us and I want to give you the most valuable information possible. It's also our first running with you. Right. And like, when you say you're a startup and you have access to some funding, like, man, I don't know if that means, you know, you just got to pay your TO to invest a billion dollars in your business. And that's some funding to you. Or if, or if, you know I wouldn't use this exactly, but like, this is what hit my mind. I was like, or I don't know if like your mom, right. Like, so don't say that come up with something that's a little bit less condescending, but you know, just whenever you want, whenever they're like giving you very general stuff, what you can do is just be like, dude, and just stay grounded. They say, stay centered. Just be like, dude, totally appreciate that. Get where you're coming from. I'm also sure as you can appreciate, like when you say that, like, I don't really know what you mean. Like, because everything we do is all customized. So a strategy in which would take place for a startup who just got a hundred thousand dollars in funding is a little bit different than if we're just working off a budget of like 500 bucks or two grand. Right. So I don't know if like, when you say access to some funding, that's 10, a hundred, a million, right. In the investor and angel space, like there's a broad range of stuff that can happen. So I hope you won't mind me asking a little bit of questions here, just so I can establish some context. And then I can give you exact budget details and what we'd be spending and investment options and all of that stuff. And I can give it to you in terms of exactly what would be required of you specifically. You know, and if you just say it, like, if you hang tight, man, and just like stay grounded and centered and say it like that, you're not going to get a whole lot of resistance, you know. And one thing, I don't know if you think this is useful to you, but Eli's talked about sometimes using like a scale of one to 10 thing in terms of finances. So let's say even then they're like, not, they're still being kind of closed off. Yeah. One to 10. You're getting into like either the less, that's like less than 1%, or you're doing something on your cause to where it's like, they just don't have any trust. They just think you're like, it's like, dude, I don't want any part of this salesperson opposed from like him, just basically telling me the information I need to hear. Like there's some sort of rapport disconnect there. Cause if they're giving you resistance, even with the scale of one to 10, I don't think the scale of one to 10 is an issue, but it's just like. Kind of a last resort, you know, to get some idea of where they're at. You shouldn't get resistance with that. No, no, no. I'm saying, I was asking if that's a, if you think that's a good thing. If I think what you said was really helpful in terms of just coming at it, there's always a range and we want to be able to custom tailor the strategy to them, which is very reasonable. And that's how I try to come at it. But you gave me some nuances and better ways of doing that and better, you know, the right tonality. So like I said, it doesn't come up that often. Like usually it's fine. It's not usually an issue, but I think what you shared was really helpful and it's going to help me do it better. Yeah. Amir says, what do you think about sending a questionnaire like the one you had, if they're ready to invest or maxed out credit card company? Yeah, dude, I would do that. I can send you my application if you want it. You know, I mean, those are good to have people fill out. There's so, you know, it just depends on context, man. Cause like you're very, I like to kind of just triage people over chat, but that might not be the best way. Like if you're for fitness, you definitely want to have an app. How do you reframe when they say they don't want to? So like what I'm asking is there's been, I've been getting this a lot more lately and maybe it has to do with Corona, but it's like, Oh, I don't want to put that financial burden on my parents. And while I said partner, cause for other people, it's probably partner, right? Like I don't want to put that financial burden on my husband or wife, or in my case, his parents. And the reframe that I've been trying to use is, you know, I'm sure your intention is to not be a financial burden to them, but isn't it more important that you make sure you get a high paying job so that long-term, you know, you have like financial security independence so that you're not a burden to them, you know, in the long run. Right. And so far, like the few times that I've tried that, that language pattern, it hasn't really worked because they'll just say like, I don't know, one guy was like, yeah, I mean the long-term, but I'm more of a live in the present moment type of guy. I was like, what do you mean by that? Like, does that mean you don't really plan for the future? He's like, no, just, I believe in like, you know, doing, making do with what I have available, like in terms of like my current resources. So I was just like, okay, like, I feel like they kind of, they don't want to do it, but they're saying it's for their parents or whatever. And I'm not talking to their parents. Right. So I don't know if there's like a good way to say, man is like, look, dude, like here's the thing. I totally understand. Like, you don't want to be a financial burden on your parents, especially with how the economy is right now. First of all, the first thing I want to say is like, let's just see if this is the right thing for you. And if we can get your parent, like this would be, I would have this conversation after I've gotten them on my side, we've created the two V one. Right. So it's like, no, I want to do this. I know I need to do this. It's just, it's just a matter of talking with my parents. So then I would go into like, dude, I'm like, I'm sure like your intention behind that is like, you know, not to put a financial stress on them during this time. Um, I lost my train of thought, but that one will come back to me. The other one I was going to say as the second thing is it like, dude, I know you don't want to put a financial, uh, short term stress on your parents, but how much of your parents invested in your education, a hundred thousand. So the real long-term stress, especially of how the job landscape has changed over the last 30, 60, 30 to 60 days is for you to get out there, not get the recruiting job that you want. And then having spent six figures with nothing to show for it. Here's the other thing I was going to say, it came back to me. So like, here's the thing, and I'm not saying that's going to happen, but that's a real conversation we need to have. So the biggest thing is like, let's just talk. Let's have, let's together have the conversation with your parents and first, just see all together. If we can decide if this is the right thing for you. And then with everything going on in the economy and all of these different things, then we can talk about when, because even if it's not the right fit for now, we can move away and leave this thing with a game plan that we can work towards in the future, even if now is not the right time. So kind of rambling there, but you can, you know, the way I do those things is when I have something come up on the call, I'll say it like, usually once I script it out and I'll just like say it like three, four or five times. And you could say it every single day, three, four, five times, you know, like flashcards, whatever you want to do. But usually for me, once I scripted out, say it three, five times, I'm good. Like, it's just in my brain. Right. Cause the biggest thing with any of that stuff is like, you're never going to read it right from the script. It's like, you want to create the distinction in your mind and then just present that distinction in a way that's not going to be like abrasive or anything. Right. So it's all about kind of creating that right philosophy. Do you think there's some sort of, so I like what you said there. I'm going to try that. Is there, do you think there's a reframe where I feel like when they say, I don't want to put a financial burden on my partner or whatever, it's because they're still thinking about this as a cost, right? That's why it's a burden. But like, is there a way to reframe this elegantly as like, it's not a cost, it's an investment. Like, look, yeah. Okay. Your parents' stocks are getting crushed right now. Right? Like if you went to your parents right now and you told them there's an investment opportunity where they can put some of their money and it's going to gain whatever X percent, would they feel like, would they get mad at you and say, why are you putting this burden on me? Or would they be happy that you're bringing this to them? I don't know if there's like some way to do that. That was the other idea that I had that hadn't, I haven't really tried it though. So I don't know if it's effective. Yeah. You want to throw those things in there too. And then I'd say, and let me just add that like the biggest, I know that like, you don't want this to be a burden, but the biggest burden is you going through six figures worth of tuition coming out on the other end, not being well equipped to be able to get a job, letting your parents down or having nothing to show for it and letting your parents down. So while this might be a burden in the short term, don't forget, this is not only paying off your parents' investment and making them happy and, you know, assuring that you're actually going to land the job that they invested in you to land, despite everything changing in the landscape. But for you, we're also talking about 150 racks a year, right? We're talking about 7K and make 150, not just the rest of the year, but for your entire career, that's 1.5 million over the next 10 years. Say, you know, you bring up those different points, you say them with certainty, like, dude, at least you'll get them, you'll get them good on that call. You know what I mean? So I would, I play around with that. Yeah, thanks. Cool. I think I was in the midst of this announcement and then I got off track and I don't even know what I started doing. But next week, so you guys thought this was, this was a little bit better of a structure of a group call than what we've been doing, just general Q&A. I feel like it's been way better. Sam, you think this is better? For sure. Amiri says this is great. So like next week, what I'll do is I'll show you guys how I constructed from zero to what I have it as now, the pre-pitch I created and how I did it. Because there were some things that as I created the pre-pitch for the new offer that we worked a little bit, what I realized is like, there were some things and some processes that I was, I was just doing naturally that I, that are not in the training. So, and I think being able to, being able to go over with you guys like that is going to be, is going to be huge because I really simplified it down to a few, just made it easy. So, we'll probably do that next Friday. We'll go over the pre-pitch. Then probably the, what we can do after that if, if we're keeping the train going pretty well is actually go over the pitch and you can see I'm applying all these frameworks and I think it's just going to simplify things a lot for you guys and make the calls a lot more fun. Larissa, what's your question? I have a quick question. So, I know some of this you may be covering in the uncertainty based objections, but let's say I come towards the end of the call and it's like time to take the credit card numbers and it could be like a symptom of maybe like my marketing or whatever, but she's like, she's even uncomfortable to like giving me her, her credit card numbers, even if it's for a small deposit. And she's like, I need to go check like your website or like whatever other stuff before I make this commitment. How do you, how do you address something like this? She's in my Facebook group, by the way. So, there's a lot of ways. Let me pull up something here. You know, and this is one of the ones where, there, this is one of the ones where it's like, I can tell you what to say, but was there kind of a trust thing going on before, like you were saying? Actually, like really, it was a really good call and she got pretty emotional. So, I was a little bit surprised that towards the end this, this came up, but you know, like you usually say, it could be like other stuff that may have happened prior, either maybe in my marketing or during the call or whatever, but she's like, it's a thing that I have that I have like this fear of giving my credit card over the phone because like stuff happened before. Here it is. Okay. So, it's this one. Have you seen this? So, it's, and you can use this. It's a really good one. I just randomly came up with this years ago. This was before I even sold for TF is got, so you want to isolate it always. Gotcha. So, aside from making sure, you know, and you want to laugh as you're saying this, so just experiment with that. Cause it's kind of fake, but aside from making sure, like, you know, I'm not going to take your money and head off to Mexico tomorrow. You know, is there any other reason it's less than a hundred percent certain that this is what you need to do. And now's the right time, right? This is what you need to be able to do to be able to get to 180 pounds, feel healthy, feel mobile for the first time in the past 10 years. Okay, great. So in other words, if everything I've told you on this call is true, you're a hundred percent. Awesome. Cool. So first I want to acknowledge you about that and appreciate you bringing that up. Now, can I be just really honest with you for a second? As of now, I've worked with over 400 clients, 300 clients at the price tag of, you know, and I would just like, cause I know your price is a little bit lower than some people's, but it's still high ticket. So it's like, you could even use yours or just kind of beef it up. You know, I've enrolled about, I've been, I've worked with over 300 clients and this is actually the lowest I've ever charged, right? When I first started and did very in-person work or how should I say in-person? I don't know. Years ago, before I actually had a team, I used to charge 5k because it was all of my time, right? So what that means, and in this example, I've said, what that means is clients paid us over $3 million over just the past year to fulfill on the very promise that we're talking about right now. So I totally understand because there is a lot of internet scammers out there. If you'd like me to fall into that category, take your money and go to Costa Rica. I also want to realign you with the fact that processing that amount of money and deliberately not doing what we say, if that was the case, we would literally be in jail. And not just that, but it's the age of transparency on the internet, right? So if I wasn't delivering on what I say through my long track record, you'd be able to type in Larissa Spivak scam, and you'd see everything out on the internet. And if you type in those words, you're going to see nothing, right? So you can go on and say some other stuff here, but does that help? Yeah, it does. I remember like I reframed it. Obviously, I don't think I put it this nicely, but I reframed it as more of a risk. If I would do something stupid like this, it would actually cost me more than to process a small deposit. But she was like, yeah, but it's still like I'm not comfortable. She was saying it a few times, so I just let it go. But I think it's probably because I didn't frame it.