Usually zero, right? If somebody's not at their where they want to be in business, if they're at 5k a month, Mitchell, and they want to grow their agency, and they say, you know, the biggest challenge is getting clients. When you ask them how many leads, how many new potential conversations with new potential clients that they have last week, what do they usually say? Yeah, typically it's like two. Like two, okay. And if they say like four, right? You can be like, okay, great, four. So out of those four, how many, and you want to kind of establish their ideal client, their dream client beforehand. So it's like, okay, so out of those four, you mentioned like the clients you really want are these bigger corporate companies. They want to do these big 15 to 25k packages for your agency, right? How many out of those four were those types of clients specifically? Zero, right? So you see how when we do it like that, it's like, okay, great. So right now our current marketing approach, out of the leads that are coming in, none of them are the people that we really want to get after. Okay, well, let me ask you a question. Why do you think that is? So you can see as we start doing this, this is how we widen the gap. And so what I'm trying to teach you guys is like the key to this though is to know the problems beforehand and then be able to craft these questions beforehand. And like, you're not going to read them off of a script. You just kind of got to know them. And I use my note taking system to remind me as I'm on the calls. But once you have the problems, you have those questions crafted, like they're just going to fall, these people will fall right into your lap, and it's just going to become so systematic once you get a good flow with this. So in this example, to continue on here, once we kind of chunk it down to where they'll even start to realize, wow, like this sucks. Then we want to ask a doubt question. Okay, well, let me ask you a question here. I mean, do you feel like you have a process in which you can call on and really just pull the lever to get new potential qualified candidates coming into your pipeline at will? Or I mean, do you feel like that's pretty much exactly why you're on this phone call? Okay, so this is basically a yes or no question. And these are designed for them to basically say no. Okay, and then what I usually do is I'll future pace, so let's say they did, okay? So I'll future pace, and then I'll ask if they have a process to solve the very next problem that they would have had if they would have fixed this problem, which again, they're not going to have a process for that usually. So, okay, so suppose we invited you in and I connected you with my personal Rolodex and you had a steady stream of people to talk to, and you were able to bring on three to four sales reps pretty much immediately. Okay, so if we were able to get you to that point, do you have any sort of a reliable ramp up process where you can take those guys from zero to KPI as fast as possible without hemorrhaging cash? Or is that something you also feel like you might possibly need help with? Yeah, I'm gonna need help with that too. So what they're doing here is obviously guys, like my clients, unless I get a really good one, like they're not gonna have this. You know, I know that. But I'm trying to assess, do they have the processes to solve these future problems that they're gonna come into? Okay, and I always kind of like, this is sometimes will come off as an obvious, stupidly obvious question. No, dude, that's why I'm on the call. So I actually preemptively say that, or is that pretty much the exact reason that you're on the call? And a lot of the times I'll be like, no, dude, that's why I need your help. And that's important because I know they need my help. I don't need them to tell me that. I need them to tell who, themselves, right? So there's some questions I asked here, but those would be like my main two, all right? Now, as you're asking these, you can obviously, you know, adding questions like, you know, what's, okay, great. So last month, you know, you feel like you really need to have like 10 to 15 people to speak with in terms of new potential recruits each month, but you had zero. Does that put you in a tough position in terms of actually being able to, you know, know who the good candidates are from the bad and actually get people on? That's not the best example, but you guys get what I'm saying. You can ask questions that dig in to how, okay, so great. So, you know, just the past month, you've had two people out of all your recruiting efforts, you're able to speak with. So obviously volume is not where you really want it to be. How long do you feel like you've been struggling with that? So you can dig into this stuff is what I'm saying as you go on, cool? So that's the first problem. Does this make sense? Questions, thoughts? All right, I'm hoping it makes sense. So one thing I'm gonna say here is that like on every single call, you're not gonna have, like there might be only one problem, okay? Like in my example, typically these two problems, they're always gonna be together. Because if they're spending too much time on the phone, it's because they don't know where to start, right? But they could be off the phone and also still have a recruiting problem, right? So it just depends. So you might have one of these, you might have all three, but typically, I mean, you don't wanna make the conversation more than three, because then you're gonna have a long conversation and really the sale is made, the sale is gonna hinge upon you being able to demonstrate you can solve usually just one to two core problems, right? So for Mitchell, for you, I'm gonna use your example as a bunch, is offer an acquisition. It's like every time, offer acquisition. For me, it's typically always gonna be recruiting, getting off the phones, recruiting, right? So with here, I'll show you another one for this and then we'll move on to the other stuff. So for too much time on the phone, all right? I know that's a potential problem. So I always wanna dig into that. So I'll ask a background question. Okay, well, how many hours, I know you're doing all the sales calls right now. It's gotta be a lot. How many hours a week are you working on the calls right now? Okay, wow, you're working 60 hours, not on the calls. How many hours are you working a week right now? Okay, you're doing 60 hours a week. Now, what percentage of that time do you feel like you're working in your business opposed to on your business? Okay, a lot of people here will say 80-20. This is a great question, guys. A lot of people are gonna say 80-20. And it's like, okay, I'm probably working 20% on my business but right now I'm working 80%. It's like, okay, so you're basically, by and large, an employee in your own business. You're the technician right now. And what we're trying to do is flip-flop that and get you to 80-20. Okay, well, out of that 80% then, how many hours do you feel like you're on sales calls specifically? Oh, dude, it's like, I'm doing four a day, every day, back to back. I mean, it's probably 30 hours a week. Okay, so you're spending half your time just on calls specifically. Then we wanna ask a probing question. Well, what's the work, if can I ask you a personal question? Doing all of that time on sales calls back to back, I know that's producing revenue but it's not allowing you to probably do some of the things you really wanna do for your business and your life, right? Just generally, what's the worst part about that? What's the worst part about spending the majority of the time on the phones? Do you have a family, you have kids? Man, does that put you in a tough position having three kids and a wife and trying to kind of balance work life and family life? So now we're kind of taking a business problem and this tough position question is amazing to be able to link to other areas, okay? Amazing. So it's, because once we link it, then we can dig into it. Usually the problem is that we kind of like run into on our sales calls is it's kind of like a weird transition. We're like, okay, we were talking about business and now all of a sudden he's asking me about my family. It's like, yeah. But once we're over there and we're actually talking about it and there's some dialogue established, it's really easy to go deep, right? So this tough position question's amazing. I love it. So does this tough position or does this put you in a tough position given you have two kids, you got a wife, you got a business to run? Man, like how do you do? Oh, dude, it's like, blah, blah, blah, blah. Man, does this show up in any other way for you? So once we get down to this, this is the best way to get into personal stuff. It's also gonna allow you to parlay in the spouse. And then with this, with especially with the 80, 20 and like how many hours working in the business versus on the business, you wanna do a need payoff question, right? So we just painted Hell Island, the problem, why the problem's a problem, connected it to another area, then we wanna pivot and say, okay, so ultimately, I mean, you're working 80% in the business as a technician, 20% on the business. You wanna flip-flop that, right? So what would that do for you? What would that change if you were able to get off sales calls, get that time back and reinvested, not just in your business, but also with your family and doing the things you really got in the business to do in the first place? What would that do? What would that change? All right, so we're gonna paint both pictures in a duality there. And we're gonna stretch that because we want this as clear as possible. We want this as clear as possible. And we want this middle area to be void, right? The gap. Does that make sense? No, that's good. Any questions? Yeah, Cole, I have one. Perfect, man. What I learned is, to deep down to the pain first and go all over the pain, like the paradise island. And after, do a transition to the dreams. And also repaint the hell island to paradise island. What do you recommend? So your question, basically, first get really, really clear on the pain and then talk about the desire. Yeah, or can we mix it during our call? You can. I used to have a sales trainer who would tell me that, if you mixed and matched, it messed up the, you need to really have them psychologically feel the pain. But dude, I mean, it's hard. So in a perfect world, yeah, dude. But it's also very hard to have good dialogue when you're just, oh my God, we can't talk about anything good right now for this five minute segment in the fall. We gotta talk about everything bad. And if you deviate from that process whatsoever, it's like, it just is not, like ideally, yeah, if you can do it, but it's just, it's not very practical. Now, my process is structured like that. It is structured to where it's pain, doubt, cost, desire, money, support, trust, right? So desire is after pain, doubt, cost. Cause you're gonna be, you get deep into the pain, right? It's like you're digging a valley. It sets you up for a stronger desire portion of the call. But sometimes, man, you need to really ask what people want. If you're able to fix this, what would that do for you? What would that change? To be able to understand and get a good reference point of what the problem really is in the first place. So to answer your question, dude, like that's not necessarily wrong. Just don't try to think that's more important than like having a proper normal dialogue with a person and being able to have a decent amount of behavioral flexibility. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, totally. And what I know it's, you know, in our market, like in the French market, like everyone who using scripts, you know, are doing like Hell Island, Paradise Island. And just to use your logic is just an advantage for us. Yeah, well, people are gonna get on the calls with you guys and they're gonna be like, oh, I'm talking to a real person. Yeah, totally. Thanks, man. More committed to what I'm saying than committed to a script, right? So what we're learning here to bring this full circle guys is like, cause it is hard. Like I can tell you like, okay, don't use a script that's gonna cripple you, you know, all this stuff. But that doesn't really, you know, if you just get on the call and you don't know what to do, it's not gonna help you, right? You might as well just use a script. So what this allows you to do is have a loose framework to work from. So you kind of know where the call is gonna go, but you're still, you know, you're not like flipping through a Google doc, reading your script and trying to find the right questions to ask and all up in your head. You know what I mean? So I'm not gonna do these ones, but this would be the third problem, inconsistency performance. But like in my market, I'm not gonna do all three. It's gonna be one to two tops, okay? So we covered here, we isolate the problem, right? Then we widen the gap and create doubt. That gets us pain and doubt, okay? Now in my offer, by naturally diving into like the pain and chunking it down, you know, we're gonna get towards the revenue, right? So I can just kind of throw in there, you know, okay, well, what was revenue last month? Was that gross or was that net? Gotcha, and what's your leadership structure like? Are you the sole owner? Okay, well, if you're the sole owner out of that net, how much do you pay yourself? Gotcha, so you pay yourself that. Is that pretty much your entire personal income each month? Or do you have any other sources of income or, okay, and does that include taxes or is that without taxes? Okay, well, about 20%, that means you're making about five grand a month. Is that right? Awesome, so you can see how, and I won't go through that, but with finances, you know, we just chunk that way down because most people will like to say, oh, I'm making 20, you know, everybody wants to be making 20 grand a month, right? I'm making 20 grand a month, great, but they have a business partner, their expenses are five grand a month, they're not accounting for tax-a-fornia because they live in California like me, and when it's all said and done, they're netting three, you know, and if anybody, if you guys have trained with me for a while, what happens when you chunk it down to where they thought they were at like 20 and they're really at two? How much- That's where, like, people who have an ego, that's like the best, most ninja way to like break down an ego. Yeah, it's like- Okay, yeah, I mean, so you're making, you don't want to like, you want to stay in what's called nurturing parent voice, not judgmental parent, right? So we don't want to be like, like, you're wrong, right? But we want to very benevolently, you know, okay, so we're doing about two grand a month. And you know, once you chunk that down to that point, like, they're just, you have them almost, right? It's over. So that's why this is so powerful. Now, where this is going to come up, because right, we're not really working from a script, is like, for me, this is going to come up somewhere in here. And I can always, like, this is a business conversation. I can really ask about this at any time without it breaking rapport, okay? But like, you'll want to find ways where you can segue stuff. So how do I, for my offer, because it's pain, doubt, cost, desire, money, support, trust, right? So support, business partner, spouse. Well, where do I segue into that? Well, too much time, okay? Because like, when we're talking about time, where are we at here? We're talking about time. It's so natural to be like, wow, man, dude, you're spending so much time at work. Do you have like kids, family? Or is it just solopreneur, solo guy, or what's going on? Right, it's just so easy to transition into all of your spouse questions because of that, right? All of these guys, if you need them, right? They're just here for you. Because once you establish like, oh yeah, dude, my wife's like freaking wants to kill me. I'm like glued to the computer all day. I barely have time for the kids and I'm missing soccer games and I haven't been on a date night with her. You know, it's like, oh, wow. I mean, so is she pretty much on the same page that this is a problem that you guys need to get, you know, get off your plate? Or, you know, what does she think about this? Oh, she's not really involved in the business. She doesn't really know what's going on, but what she does care about is me working freaking 15 hours a day. What, like a response like that, what does that tell me? Right, it tells me she's, it's not an issue. It says she's actually supportive of this. I'm actually, that's part of widening the gap, so it's all good, you know? But that's a good segue into this. For you guys who have like biz op-ish type of offers, so teaching Fitbros how to grow and scale their business, agencies, stuff like that, this is always gonna be fulfillment, right? So if you work with offers, it's like you wanna see how much time they're working because more often than not, a lot of people spend, it's not that they spend too much time doing fulfillment, it's that they do it very inefficiently. And so that bogs them down and they think they have no time and they gotta hire on this big team and they just suck at time management systems. So if you guys have offers, you can basically, or your solution helps people with offers, you can basically roll through this question sequence and you'll have tons of success with that. So that's how we would get to support, okay? So once we get clear on, we isolated the problem, we got clear on why the problem was the problem and why they can't fix it on their own, which is doubt, and maybe we've touched on these two different bases, then we're gonna move on to eliciting cost, okay? Does anybody have questions on this so far? Let me check the chat. Can we go over again when your favorite place to bring in the doubt is specifically? I guess every once in a while, I'll run into a situation where I'm, I feel like I need to establish more doubt, but I don't wanna be too heady or forceful about doing it. And sometimes like the question of just like, well, what's keeping you from figuring it out on its own sounds like feels out of place to me. Yeah, well, are you asking that question? And just tell me either or here. Are you asking that question? One, are you asking that question right after their goals? Okay, so you wanna get to 50 grand a month, what's keeping you from doing that on your own? I've been actually asking it more in like the pain discovery parts earlier on. I'll show you how I do that question a little bit. Was in terms of doubt, man, like your doubt is like some of the best ways, chunking down is also, it's like widening the gap, but it's also letting them like, it's helping them realize how bad their problem really is. Like, I used to have people all the time tell me like, ha, I didn't realize it was this bad, as we're chunking it down into their pipeline and all this different stuff. So the more you can turn like stories into numbers, the better. And it doesn't have to be numbers, like for fitness, it can be like, like I had a call where I was coaching this one person, it was way back when in a different program, but she was, you know, she had an offer about flexible dieting. And basically the lady was like, yeah, you know, like, I'm just so good on the weekdays, but man, I just go off on the weekends. And she goes, and this is a lady who's really coachful, I trained for a while. She was like, gotcha, so take me back to last Sunday, you mentioned you went on the weekends, what did you eat Sunday specifically? And like, in this case, Sunday was like two days ago. She's like, okay, well, what did you eat Sunday specifically? What was breakfast? What was lunch? Do you know how many calories you ate over the weekend? Okay, do you know how many calories you've eaten today so far? What about yesterday? Right, so it's like, they didn't initially know. And then it's like, in that sense, it's not only widening the gap, but they're also like, I don't even know, like, this is why I need help. It's like eliciting that type of thing. Does that make sense? You're nodding your head, so. Yeah, yeah, it makes sense that, establishing doubts, not just about asking this question, like, what's stopping you? It's like, chunking down really. So it's like, this is the best one. It's like, do you feel like you have like a, or do you feel like you have a process in which like you can take specific key actions and kind of like something where you can pull the lever and get new sales candidates, new potential sales reps reaching out to you at will? Or do you use that? Is that pretty much exactly what you feel like you're on the phone needing help with? Because doubt is what? It's just eliminating the DIY objection. It's like, I can't fix it on my own, or it would be like stupid for me to try to fix it on my own because it's too much time and money, wasted resources, I want to follow a proven process. So what I'm really just with these questions, I'm just like getting them to tell me they need help. Like, nope, don't have that. Nope, don't know how to do that. Nope, don't know how to do that, right? So it's like, and then I usually, I always do one. I like the one-two punch. So like for offer acquisition, like a biz op offer, I'll be like, what would I usually say? So for this one, I would say, okay, well, suppose like we invited you in. So there's a little bit of future pacing here. Suppose we invited you in. Suppose we invited you in, build out your offer. So you're a rock solid concrete with that. Like you're a hundred percent certain and clear on your offer. You feel really good about it. It's compelling. It's built the right way, all of that stuff. Just pretend for a second, you're already there with us. Okay, if you were at that place, would you have a process in which you like can, you know, pull the lever and get a steady stream and leads you can talk to on the phone and eventually enroll into that program at will? Or is that another thing that you would need our help doing? Right, so that's how I position that one. The process per problem is really all you need. I mean, you might only need one in the entire conversation. You know, and it also depends on the tonality and kind of like, you know, do you feel like this person has a lot of ego or do you feel like this is like the 50 year old mom who's like, I don't even know what's going on. I need to lose weight. I need help. You know, then you don't need to do that stuff. It's like, okay, they want help like DIY. If anything, you don't wanna go too deep into that because then they're like, oh, it's just pointless. I can't do anything. You're not gonna run into people like that. I'm just trying to give you an example. Does that make sense? No, I mean, sometimes there are people who are like, I wanna do this, but I'm scared, you know, not very good with technology. And then like, I don't wanna like drill on the doubt with those people. You might have people and be like, yeah, man, dude, we've been doing Facebook for a little bit. It's good. We're kind of tired of like getting booted off and whatever. So we're looking at YouTube, but like, we're not the type to where we wanna just figure it out on our own. That's why we booked a call. With somebody like that, I'm just gonna like literally write down, we're not the type that wants to figure it out on their own. I wanna write that down. I wanna cross off doubt, and I'm not even gonna touch it. It's like, I don't need to, you know? And I might repeat back, you know, I'm sure as you can appreciate as somebody, like you were saying, you don't wanna figure it out on your own, you know, insert whatever you're gonna say, right? So I might remind them of that a few times. That's why I write it down. But, you know, you just have to have a little bit of contextual awareness and cross these things off on your notepad as you go. So, any other questions? Yeah, Cole, can I piggyback on that really quick? Absolutely. So, one of the things that I've kind of run into a couple of times as far as like chunking down, and especially in pain, right? Which lead generation offer, right? We're getting into what's coming in, what are the sources? How do you know what's coming in from each one, right? All that kind of stuff. You bump into somebody that just doesn't know their numbers, right? They have no clue what's going on. Obviously, there's a need to transition that into, you know, well, you know, do you actually not know your numbers? Or like creating doubt there. And I heard you mention it in the fitness offer, right? Of like, oh, well, that's why you need help because you're not even tracking your calories and that kind of thing. What's that transition for somebody that's like, I honestly don't even know what's coming in on a day-to-day basis or on a weekly basis. Gotcha. So what I'm hearing is like right now, we don't really have a good pulse on our numbers. I mean, what type of impact do you feel like that has on you? Right? Do you feel like that has an impact on the way you make decisions in your business? Yeah. Okay, well, in what way? Right? Do you feel like you have a, so like, let me just ask you this question as well. I mean, do you feel like you have like a system in which based on everything that's coming in, you have everything in a dashboard where you can look at it at a 10 second glance and make strategic decisions about your business? Or do you feel like that's something you might also possibly need our help with or somebody's help with? Can I add to that too? That's a good one for the tracking stuff. Awesome. Can I add to that one too real quick? Yeah, man. Let me turn off my ridiculous air conditioning unit there. So one thing you just gotta be careful of, and I'll speak very broadly to this cause it applies to most everyone. If they don't know their numbers and you do uncover that there's some like, well, obviously you've got some holes in your strategy. If they own that, you still need to make sure that you're going a little deeper around it because there's usually another concern they have. You know, I always make sure that I know what's keeping them up at night. So just be careful that if they tell you, I just have no idea what's going on and I'm confused.