What's up, guys? Cole here, and we're back with another training. This training is on cost questions, OK? So getting the prospect associated with the consequences of doing nothing. Pretty simple, guys. Let's get into it. This is going to be a really important training, because this is what really gets you a one or two call close almost every single time. So when do we use these? Well, first of all, they work best after we've widened the gap, OK? So typically, we're not going to go into cost questions until we've kind of gone through a good portion of this, right? Typically, we're going to be asking our probing questions. We're going to be chunking down. We might even be going into finances. We're asking the payout questions. And then it kind of gives us good opportunities to parlay into these questions, OK, which are the most personal ones that we're going to ask. Now, I'm going to give you the specific syntax I use to ask these questions, which is going to help you tremendously. And I tell you what, 90% of the time, I use the syntax I'm going to give you. I use 90% of the time. And it's using basically solution questions to tee up your cost questions. And so I'll give you a specific example there. What's the purpose of these questions slash what are we looking for? So this is an important point here, because everybody asks me, how do I know when I've gone deep enough? How do I know when I have enough ammo? How do I know when I've really gotten to the cost and why they have to change now? Well, here's why. I mean, it's fairly simple. First of all, is there a compelling reason why they have to change now? Do you have a real personal reason why they have to change now? Is there also clear consequences of them doing nothing? And I'm not saying obvious consequences. What I'm saying is, have they verbally not just told you, but more importantly themselves, the consequences of doing nothing, OK? And the way I would gut check this is you're taking notes on all of this stuff, especially this. This is like really what you take notes on, OK? And before you move on from here, you want to kind of do a gut check with yourself and ask yourself, do I really have the ammo necessary to hold this prospect accountable at the close? If he got the ammo that you need, it's fine, right? Like if they say, oh, I think I want to hold off for a month, do you have the ammo necessary to make that statement seem pretty stupid, OK? That's how you would do it. Now, if you can say yes to this, like 100%, what's typically going to happen is you'll never get that at the end, right? They're never going to want to delay or wait a month or something stupid like that, because they've just told themselves about what's going to happen if they don't change and why it's important for them to change now, OK? Now, a few key distinctions here. With almost all of these, it works better if you use permission before, OK? So can I ask you another question, or can I ask you a personal question, or can I ask you an honest question, all right? Anything like that, all right? 90% of the time, I'm going to do those solution questions. I want to use these after solution questions or finances, OK? Because basically what happens, you'll see the solution question syntax in just a second. But like in the case of finances, let's say you're chunking down. Like I told you, gross net, what after expenses, what are you paying yourself, what's left over after monthly expenses for you to put away and save. And I gave you already some cost and paying questions here. So this is just an easy parlay into that. So you might go into your cost questions after finances. If not, typically, I'm going to do it after solution, OK? So the other 10% of the time, if I go into these, it's going to be more so if they just kind of bring up something that's just an obvious and easy parlay into these types of questions, right? Like somebody might bring up like, oh, yeah, man, my wife gave me an automatum. And if I don't figure out by this year, I've got to go back and work a 9 to 5, right? Well, if somebody just brings that up, OK, that's obviously right there, a consequence in and within itself. And if somebody brings that up, we're going to go deeper into that, OK? Now here is, this is critical. And it took me a long time to figure this out. But when you're getting the reason why and what's going to happen if they don't change, they'll give you some good stuff. A lot of times, they'll give you good kind of surface level stuff, and it's good. But what the most powerful thing to elicit is the moment of decision, OK? So basically, that moment in their lives or in their business where enough was enough, they had the final straw, and they just kind of became disgusted with their current situation, and they knew they had to change, OK? I mean, everybody in this program is into personal growth. So we've all had things, whether it was with our health and fitness, if it was with our business or income, in a relationship. There was just like a moment where something clicked and something snapped, and you were like, this is enough. So we want to find out what that moment is, because when they tell us that moment, and more importantly, tell them themselves, what they have to do is they have to relive that. And they have to relive all the emotions associated with that moment, where the disgust was so high they had to change. So that is critical. It took me a long time to figure that out, but once you get the moment, I mean, that's another way. It's like, what are we looking for here? We're looking for the moment, OK? So here's the syntax I usually use, all right? And this is just something I just, after taking so many calls, I just found this is the easiest way to do it. So what I'll do is I'll ask, how long has this been going on? Which, again, is a pain question, but we're using it as a setup. Then we're going to ask a solution question. What have you tried to fix this in the past, if anything? One or two things are going to happen here. Either A, they haven't tried anything, great. Or B, they've tried a bunch of stuff. Or they've at least tried one thing, and they got burned, and it didn't work. Doesn't matter. So if they've tried nothing, that's the easiest one. So if they tried nothing, OK, well, can I ask you a personal question? So you've been wanting to leave your 9 to 5 for about three years now, and you're finally reaching out to do something about it. But I'm curious, why all of a sudden this is important to you now, though? Like, why not stay where you are? And then you're going to get a reason. It could be the real reason, or it could be a surface level reason. If you get surface level, or really, if you get anything, sometimes you'll ask that, and you'll get it, and you'll know. You'll get the real reason. But if you have any doubt, always ask, is there any other reason that this is important to you, and you don't want to stay where you're at? Because when you ask, is there any other reason, if you got the surface level answer the first time, you're going to get the real answer this time. So a few things about this question is, what I found works really well is, obviously, first, getting permission. And I always say, can I ask you a personal question? So I'm kind of anchoring and pre-framing that I want a personal response. And then, you've been wanting to leave your 9 to 5 for about three years now. So I'm stretching time. And then I'm going to say, but now you're finally reaching out to do something about it. Because they haven't tried anything in the past until now they're all of a sudden looking into something. So it's like, I'm kind of just pointing out the obvious change in pattern of behavior here. And it's like, I'm curious, why all of a sudden this transition so important to you now, though? Why have you decided that you don't want to stay where you're at any longer? And then a lot of times, 9 times out of 10, you do this right, you'll get everything you need through just these two questions. Now, you can, in the follow up here, this is kind of like a why now slash why not stay where you are question. It's still a consequence question. But we can really ask a true what's going to happen if nothing changes question after that. So you basically say, that makes sense. And can I ask you another question? Yeah, definitely. And I really hate to ask this, but what's your plan if nothing changes? If you're still doing the 9 to 5 three years from now, would that have an impact on you? Well, in what way? Yeah, but why now, though? So this is more of a true consequence question. Because you'll see, I break it down here. There's why now, and there's cost and consequence. So you kind of always want to ask at least one of each in most cases, unless you get everything from the why now, why not stay where you are, which sometimes you will. Now, one thing I want to say here, and this is really, really cool, is a lot of times, you'll say, what's going to happen if nothing changes, if you're still doing the 9 to 5 three years from now? And they're like, oh, no, that's unacceptable. I absolutely have to change. Yeah, OK, well, why now, though? Either they're going to be like, oh, I definitely have to change, or no, oh my god, that would be horrible. OK, well, yeah, would that have an impact on you? In what way? So a lot of times, they're going to play ball with you here, and they're going to be like, oh, there's just no way that I'm going to let that happen. Or they're going to tell you, oh my god, it would ruin my life. It would do this. It would do that. And then you have what you need. You just write that down, and you take notes. But sometimes, what's going to happen is, especially with a lower level, people on just a lower level of consciousness, they might give you an apathetic response to where, oh, well, I guess I'd just be doing the same thing, punching the clock at 9, getting out of 5. OK, well, whose decision is that, then? I guess that'd be my decision. And are you willing to settle for that? I'm not willing to settle for that. That's why I'm on the call. Well, why not, though? Why, all of a sudden, after three years, is this something you're no longer willing to settle for right now? So that's going to give you, and this is great if somebody gives you that apathetic response. So either way, cost question, follow up on it through one of these two methods. And then this framing is something you always want to use. So it's typically, why now? Why not stay where you are? Then a cost question, and then these follow ups. Now, again, this scenario is with if they tried nothing. Now, let's say they've tried everything. Now, I have a full document. I don't know if you guys have probably seen this training, three-step RRR process. If you go down to, here it is, down here, if you read through this, it shows you specific scripting, like a back and forth between the prospect and myself of how you can frame if they've tried everything and they've been burned. So feel free to go through that. But if they tried everything, basically, the syntax is, OK, wow, I mean, can I ask you another personal question? I mean, after all of that, after spending six figures over two years trying five to seven different programs that didn't work, I mean, I'm curious, but what has you keeping on? What about getting this business to seven figures is so important to you that's kept you from throwing in the towel? And then you can follow up, why now, though? OK, well, how else would that have an impact on you? Is there any other reason that this is important? And then, of course, you can follow up with your consequence questions as well afterwards. So I'll tell you what. Right here, this syntax, which I'll give you guys again, basically, how long, solution question, you have one or two scenarios, then you ask, why now? Why not stay where you are? And then a consequence question with follow-ups, depending on which answer they give. 90% of the time, I do that every single time. And it works really, really well. That's how I get to the pain every single time. But again, sometimes it just naturally comes up. Sometimes you're going to get to it through finances. So I listed out all of the questions you can ask down here. So can I ask you an honest question? Why not stay where you are, though? Well, in this case, let's say they give you, because I've done this before, and then they give you the smart-ass response, oh, I haven't really decided. Maybe I will stay where I am. OK, well, are you willing to sell for that, though? Why even bother with this? What about x is important to you? Why is that important to you now, though? And usually, you'll see, as you've seen, we're using that as a follow-up. And how would that make you feel? How would it feel to be able to do that? How would it feel is a great question, because by nature, you're getting the emotions there. How important is it to you to fix this? Why do you say that? Why now, though? And then, of course, the moment of decision. So sometimes I'll be like, can I ask another personal question? And I'm just curious, because I know any big change I've had in my life, there's always been kind of a moment. But after all that time, staying where you're at, and that nine to five, those past three years, was there something that shifted for you? Was there a moment where just enough was enough, and you decided that staying where you're at now is just no longer tolerable? So this is good. It's a good follow-up, especially on these ones, if they've tried nothing, or if they've tried everything. Or not as much if they've tried everything, but it's a good one if they've tried nothing. So that's your kind of why now questions. I usually start with why now, why not stay where you are, and then I'm going to go into one or two consequence questions. And usually, 95% of the time, I just ask this one. Can I ask you an honest question? I hate to ask this, but what are you going to do if nothing changes? I mean, what is your plan if things stay the same over the next three to five years? And then remember, depending on their responses, you can follow up with these bad boys. If I don't use this one, I usually will use something like this. Well, what is your plan if the next three years are like the last three years? Because if we've stretched time, this is why this how long question is so important. Because if they've stretched time, they're like, oh, man, I've been struggling with this for a year. Oh, man, well, can I ask you a personal question? What is your plan if the last 12 months is like the next 12 months? Have you considered what you're going to do? Would it have an impact on you? Oh, yeah, it definitely would. In what way, though? What if it didn't work out for you? Maybe they're in a coaching program right now. OK, well, what if that program doesn't work out for you then? Have you considered what would happen if a year goes by and nothing changes? Have you thought about what would happen if you don't do anything about this? Have you considered what would happen if that program doesn't get you the results that you're after? What if what you're doing now doesn't work? Oh, what we're doing now has to work. Well, why, though? What are the possible ramifications if it doesn't? What if your situation gets even worse? So these are all questions we can ask. I'll tell you right now, I just gave these to you so you can just kind of get a feel for this and you can know these questions. I'm telling you, though, I just usually use these. It's the best ones. What are you going to do if nothing changes? Or what is your plan if nothing changes? And then following up on it. Because what's going to happen? Oh, no, I have to change. No, I have to change. Oh, OK, well, why now, though? So typically, the problem I see with these is people will ask the question, but they won't ask the right follow-ups to the question. So really get these down. Now, last but not least, the fourth wall. This is really big. I actually learned this from Brad Newman, so I just want to give credit where credit is due. But this is if they're not playing ball. So we've all had times where, and this might be 1 out of 20 prospects, 1 out of 30 prospects. If you do this right and you have the right rapport, you have the right trust, you're using the right syntax, your tonality is good, every once in a while, you're going to have somebody where it's like, I don't know why this dude does what he does. OK, I don't know why this is important to him. I don't know why he wants to change. And it's getting to a point to where it's like you know if you move on and you proceed. There's just no urgency. And they're probably just going to want to think about it. So if you get to that point, this is what you do. And this works really well. And it goes, it's pretty long here, by the way, so just bear with me. But it looks, there it goes. Look, can I be honest with you? And then I do a double permission here. And I'll say something like, are you sure? Because look, I mean, I know exactly what you need to do to be successful. I know exactly what our clients are doing to crush it right now and have the result that you want. But just to be frank, it's probably not going to be not what you want to hear, but it's what you need to hear. And they'll be like, oh, no, just hit me with it. I want you to be honest on this call. OK, well, if I'm going to be honest, your vision and your reasons aren't inspiring to me at all. And I just pause. What is that? It's a pattern interrupt. And it's true. I mean, if somebody is really giving me a hard time, it's because this isn't inspiring to me at all. And then you want to kind of, because you're about to really challenge them here, so what you want to do is find something that you can appreciate and acknowledge about them. So look, I mean, I really appreciate, you know, you've tried three different coaching programs. You've been burned, and you're still out there looking for solutions. And you're the type of person who's committed to making this work. So I want to commend you for that. But quite frankly, I'm not inspired by your vision, and I do not know why you do what you do. And I get you're probably thinking, well, why does that even matter? Like, why can't you just tell me what this has, you know, how you can help me? Right, well, let me tell you why, OK? When you do anything great in business, there's literally no guarantees, except for the fact that there's going to be challenges. There's going to be roadblocks. There's going to be problems. That's the only guarantee that you have. And if you want to make over a million dollars a year, the reason that there's so many people who want that, and so few that actually get it, is because they don't have the reasons why to push them through when they hit those bottlenecks and they hit those challenges. And I'll tell you from experience, our best clients are the ones able to push through, because they have unreasonable reasons why achieving what they want to achieve is so important. So let me ask you, you know, is this just a pipe dream? Or what are your reasons? Like, what's really at stake for you here? OK, you could even throw in something like, it doesn't matter to me either way, but if we're going to take you on as a client, we need to know that you have strong reasons to push through, and you're not going to quit at the first sight of adversity. Right, the first problem you have, you're not going to throw in the towel and jeopardize our client's success rate. So obviously, you know, this is a very long reframe, and you can kind of tailor this to your own offer, your own language. Obviously, this isn't a business example, but you're getting permission here. You're getting permission twice. You're interrupting the pattern. I love this line, your vision and your reasons aren't inspiring to me at all. It's like, what? No salesperson is going to say that, which makes it amazing. OK? And then you're basically mind reading them here. And you're probably thinking, well, why does that even matter? Why do my reasons matter? Why can't you just tell me what you do? Right, well, here's why. When you do great in anything in business, there's no guarantees, which I love this framing as well, because what we're doing here is we're actually eliminating the, is there a guarantee option before, or is there a guarantee objection? We're eliminating that before we even get to it. OK? So that's really, really big. And we point out the only guarantee in business is that there's going to be problems, right? There's going to be challenges. So if you want to make over $1 million a year, the reason that so many people, despite wanting that, are able to push through and actually do it is because they have unreasonable reasons why. Right? And so we're kind of pointing out that a lot of these people who get on calls with business offers, they want to make $100,000 a month or something. OK, even if they want to make $50,000 a month or $20,000 a month, that puts them in the top 1% or top 0.1% of all income earners in the world, right? So the obvious question is, there's a lot of people who want to be up there, but they're not up there, right? Well, why is that? It's because they don't have the reasons to push through when they run into those bottlenecks and those challenges. They don't have the unreasonable reasons why, right? And that's what our best clients have. I can tell you from my experience, my clients who are crushing it right now, my clients who are millionaires, they're making multiple seven figures a year, they have reasons why achieving this is so important. I'm just not hearing that from you. So is this just a pipe dream, or what are your reasons? Like, what's really at stake? OK, I think there's kind of, I might need to go back and change this, because this didn't read off as well as I wanted it to. But let me tell you, this really works. And then if you really want to go deep, which I'll tell you I've probably used these questions less than five times, but you can say, well, what it, because sometimes you'll ask this. And especially younger people, they won't really, they'll be like, I get what you're asking me, and I am really committed. I just don't, I don't, I'm not associated with why. So this gives you an opportunity. As you can say, well, what do you want people to say at your funeral? Like, what type of legacy do you want people to, or do you want to leave behind? If you could have one impact on the world and be known forever for it, what would it be? So these will help you go really, really, really, really deep with your prospects. So that wraps up this training. I'll probably go through and tighten up this language a little bit. I don't know how smoothly that came off to you guys. But you get the point here. That's what matters. And then, obviously, what I really, really recommend is to say it like for the 10th time, just use this syntax. Works every single time. It kind of is an easy thing to do to where you know it's going to set you up to ask these questions. And the reason it works so well is that you're using the context of the conversation to justify asking the question. And when you're doing that and you do it with permission, you'll get a much more compliant response. So that's it for the training, guys. I'm going to hop off here. And I'll see you in the next training.