Cool here and welcome back to the training. This training is on creating doubts, okay? So how and when to use doubt questions. It's going to be a quick training and we're going to hop over to the script here or not the script I guess but the document with all the questions on it and then we're going to go through this. So doubt questions, let's talk about when do we use these. Now if we can go to, if you can go to this document and like I just would always have this document pulled up to be honest. Doubt questions typically are going to come fairly early in the syntax, okay? But it doesn't matter like this stuff is all very fluid so it's not a huge deal either way, okay? But typically it's always going to be after we've isolated the challenge. So if you remember from part one, the first thing we do is isolate the pain like I'm not moving forward to anything else until I isolate like why we're on the phone, right? What is the challenge, okay? It's best when you found out what the challenge is and also what it's keeping them from achieving. So after like a need payoff type of question or even sometimes after the vision depending on if you go there. So just to give you like an idea of what I mean like let's say isolate the challenge you're kind of going deeper on it, you're asking your probing questions, you chunk down a little bit and then, where is it, oh need payoff questions, sorry. And you know you're going deeper here and then you go into your need payoff question. So ultimately if you're able to ask what would that open you up to do? I have a bunch of examples here. So this links it to what the pain is keeping them from doing, okay? So that's a good, you want to create that linkage there, right? And so you'll see in a second of why because I'll show you the syntax here. But these are best used pretty much right after you do one of those, okay? So now what's the purpose of these slash like what are we looking for to where we can cross this off the list and we can move on? The main one is, the reason we do it is to eliminate DIY objections, which is basically a prospect thinking that they can do it on their own or they want to keep trying to figure it out on their own and then maybe reach out to you later, right? This eliminates those, okay? And it gets the prospect to acknowledge that they cannot figure it out on their own. So very, very simply, this one's so easy here, is what are we looking for? Either A, they admit they don't know how or B, they want to leverage a proven system from somebody who's done it so they can get there faster without wasting as much resources, okay? And resources is time slash money. Make sense? Now the key distinction here, because you may have, you'll see the questions I teach it here and you may have seen it in other training, but the key distinction is you want to isolate doubt on the pain, not the goal, okay? So for example, gotcha. So inconsistent lead flow is keeping you from having the cash flow necessary to be able to hire a team so that you can ultimately scale your business to $100,000 a month and do it in a way to where you have a business and not a job. Do I have that correct? Okay, so if lead generation is the biggest bottleneck right now then, for you to get to $100,000 a month, I mean when it comes to the lead gen, what do you think is stopping you from figuring that out on your own, okay? So you can see how I'm asking what's stopping them from figuring that out on their own in regards to the lead generation, okay? A lot of the way is the same question, it's a great question, it's taught is what's stopping you from getting to $100,000 a month on your own. Now if you've just isolated the pain earlier like I taught you to and then you ask this question, well what's stopping you from getting there on your own? I mean any smart person, they're just going to tell you, oh I mean dude it's, I told you earlier it's the leads, I don't have any leads, like are you not listening type of thing, right? So it's a little bit more of an intelligent way to get to the doubt and it also actually is more effective because we're really narrowing down what the real bottleneck is for them to move forward and why they can't figure it out. And it also makes it feel like, it gives them this impression of like man, if I was just able to figure out that one thing, I could get to $100,000 a month and ultimately be able to scale and have a business, not a job, et cetera, et cetera, okay? So let me know if this makes sense, I know that's a small distinction and look, sometimes you'll do it like this and you're still going to get the outcome that you want. So I'm not saying that this doesn't work, what I am saying is that it's good, better and best and in my experience taking a lot, a lot, like thousands of freaking sales calls and testing both of these, this first example works way better, so that's the way I teach it. Regardless, it's a really, really important question to ask and doubt's really important to check out the list. So let's get into the questions here. The main one, as I've just given, is basically what do you feel like is keeping you from figuring that out on your own? What's stopping you from being able to put a lead generation system in place to get consistent leads daily, weekly, monthly on your own? So a good formula for this, and you can see how I use it up here, is so if isolated challenge, okay, so if lead generation is the biggest thing keeping you from getting to $100,000 a month or if having clear SOPs to where you can hire on team members and they can actually take the work off your plate, if that's the biggest thing that's stopping you from being able to transition out and get your time back, so instead of working 100 hours a week, you're working 40 hours a week and you have a business and not a job, I guess the real question is what's keeping you from figuring out how to structure that organizational chart and SOPs on your own? Right? So you see how I kind of frame that there and I'm really isolating and pinning it down on this one thing, which is what I'm going to position my entire solution around. Now, if this question, because what's going to happen here is sometimes you're going to ask that question and they might be like, oh, it's just accountability or mindset. It's just time, right? Or whatever it is. If this question does not give you the two outcomes we're looking for, outcome A or outcome B or both, we want to use this duplicate here, okay? Which basically you say this, gotcha. So just to get further clear here, typically what I found when clients reach out to me is it's for one or two reasons, if not both. Either one, there's a distinct knowledge gap, okay? So in other words, they don't know what they don't know in terms of figuring out their lead gen because they'd never done it, right? Makes sense. Or the second one is, you know, they know they could probably figure it out on their own, but like any real entrepreneur, they want to leverage a proven system to get there faster so they don't waste as much time and money trying to figure it out on their own. Especially because time, as you know, is your most valuable resource, right? So which one of those, if not both, do you feel like you fall into? All right. And then once they select, gotcha. And why do you say that one, right? Why do you say that? So anytime you're kind of, because they might be like, oh, you know, it's definitely the second one. Gotcha. Well, why do you say that? Right? So we want them to qualify their own answer here because more importantly, you know, it's not about them telling us, it's about them telling themselves why they have to change, why they can't figure it out on their own, et cetera, right? So you can use this, obviously you can kind of tailor the language here a little bit, but you get the point, right? It's one of these two things I said, you know, but like any real entrepreneur, which is true, like real entrepreneurs, they value their time more than anything else. So I'm like, it's almost like a duh thing, like any real entrepreneur, which is an identity they aspire to be. They want to leverage a proven system to get there faster so they're not wasting the most valuable resource and that is time trying to figure it out on their own. So let me know if that makes sense. Now, sometimes, I mean, most of the time, guys, just depending on how people, how forthright people are about their challenges and what's going on, you know, a lot of times in terms of doubt, I'll usually just do this part here that I've highlighted and that's it, okay? I guess this part, but sometimes you get very ego-driven people and they're just very alpha, they think they can do it on their own. So I will throw in these other questions here. One way you can do this is chunking down, which chunking down is in part two. So I've already taught you that. That will create doubt because a lot of times once you get down to, you know, I love using lead generation, just the easiest one to use. But when you get down to it, it's like, or let's use dating. This is perfect, right? Somebody's going to tell you a story about their dating life. Oh, you know, I got, you know, I meet girls through my social circle, whatever. Okay, great. So, you know, how many actual like real dates did you have last week? Okay, what about the week before? Zero. Zero. What about last month? Zero. Gotcha. Okay, right? So obviously, we just took his ego down a few notches, right? And there's with prideful people, you kind of need to do this to get them to admit that, yeah, they need help. All right. So chunking down is a great way to do this because the truth is in the numbers. It's not in the stories they tell. So I like to get to the numbers first because that reveals really what's going on. Another way you can do it is like these, for lack of a better term, yes or no questions. And you want to use these on the isolated challenges and future problems. Okay, so you'll see what I mean here in a second. But for instance, for this lead generation thing we keep harping on, do you have a predictable process in which you can like call on and pull the lever and get new clients coming in at will? That's a yes or no question. Most people will be like, uh, no. Okay, great. And do you know how to like put such a process in place? Or is that pretty much exactly the reason you're on the phone looking for help with? Right, so and you can kind of chunk that down, right? Do you know how to do that? Okay, no, right? We're creating doubt. So do you know how to? Or do you have a process in which those are good formulas for this type of thing? Do you have clear systems and clear SRPs built out to where if we hire an employee tomorrow, you can plug them into your system and they know exactly what to do? No, okay? You know, somebody reaches out to you and they're working in their business, not on their business. Do you think they have these? No, right? We know the answer to this question already. But why are we asking it? So they tell themselves that more importantly. Okay, and also they're going to be like, it's going to give them some insight. I'm like, fuck, I don't have that. Do you have any sort of predictable strategy that if you follow exactly, you know, you'll start getting consistent dates with women you really like? No. Okay, this is another way you could frame this. Suppose and this is like how you do it on future challenges, right? Okay, so suppose we invite you and we build out a consistent organic acquisition strategy to where you can get the $20,000 a month without any ad spend at all. Okay, so suppose we take you in, we build that out for you. You're at $20,000 a month, no ad spend. Once we get you there, would you know how to implement more of a paid ad strategy to where you can scale profitably? Or is that something else that you would need our help with once we get to that point? Um, you know, I learned a little bit about Facebook ads, but yeah, I mean, I definitely need help with that. Gotcha. And then once we get you scaled up with paid, would you have a clear SOP to where you can literally hire people and plug and play them right into your company so they could take all this stuff off your plate? Or is that something you'd probably be looking to model from our systems and our processes? Yeah, I need help with that too. Duh. Okay, so you can sort of do this and it's just a, the real frame is, you know, do you know how to, or do you have a process that X, right? And obviously you're looking for a no here so they can tell themselves that. So you can use these questions. The key is really kind of isolating the pain first and then we're chunking down and creating doubt on the pain. Obviously we have the main question here. A lot of times this stuff's enough, then we can chunk down. We can start asking us no questions and pretty soon it doesn't matter what type of ego somebody has. I mean, you know, they're going to start to realize they don't have everything figured out. They don't have a plan, right? And it's a lot smarter to leverage somebody who's been there and done that and has a proven system to do it. Opposed to have so much ego that they waste the most valuable resource in trying to do so. So that's it for this training guys. Going to hop off here. Short training. We'll see you in the next one.