What's up, guys? Cole here, and welcome back to the training. This training is on finances and resources, so discovering if your prospect really is able and willing to invest into your offer. That's what it really boils down to here. Now, I'm going to go ahead and tab out. There's nothing more to the slides. This will be another kind of scripted question training, just to show you where we're at in the process. Really, so far, we've started off with some paying questions, sprinkled in some background questions. We've probably gotten to the doubt. But naturally, as you go deeper into the pain, you're going to get into solution and financial questions. So one of these, or even cost, will start to come up as we get deeper into this stuff. So I'm tabbing over here to this document, which it's the same document you guys already have, which has all your questions on it. Which, by the way, I'm telling you, this is probably the most important document in the entire program, so really internalize what's on here. Financial questions are down here. To go through this, first of all, when do we use financial questions? So it's as we widen the gap and go deeper into the pain. So as we go deeper into the pain, we're naturally going to have opportunities to kind of lead in to this stuff. Now, just for an example, let's say it's a lead generation offer, and somebody can't generate leads. So we ask, what's your biggest challenge right now? They say, hey, my biggest challenge is generating leads. And let's say, for instance, you do what I tell you to do, and you start chunking down. OK, well, how are you generating leads right now? Awesome, let's see how that's working out for you. How many leads did you generate last week? What about the week before? What about last month? And you start to find out that by chunking down, which if you don't know what I'm talking about, go watch this video, that over the past three months, they've closed three clients. So eventually, you're going to start to ask questions that will lead into finances. Well, out of those three clients, how much did you charge? OK, is that what you want to be charging, or how much do you really want to be charging? Oh, wow, you only charge $2,000 per client. So you only made $6,000 for the past three months? They're like, what was your total revenue? And now, we're already right in here, OK? Just lead in there naturally. You see that? So we'll circle back to what to do when you start doing that. But real quick, what is the purpose slash what are we looking for in this part, OK? What do we need to be able to check this one off the list? It's a few things. It's really three things, OK? One, are they able? Are they able just physically to invest in your program? For instance, somebody who has a 512 credit score with $800 in the bank, they are not able, minus the fact that somebody lends them the money or they borrow from a family member. But those are long shots, OK? Technically, for this example, they're not able. Now, the way I gut check this is it's like, in my gut, am I 80% sure that finances aren't going to be an issue, OK? If the guy has no business and he's waiting tables, I'm not going to be 80% sure finances aren't going to be an issue. It's going to be something I'm probably going to dig in a little bit more, OK? Now, if the guy's doing $20,000 a month and I don't see really any red flags, I'm not going to go into what we'll cover later, which is resource and willingness questions, OK? Just because it's really not a good use of time. And more than likely, if he's doing $20,000 a month and his margins are decent, if he wants to do my program, he's going to do my program, period, right? It's going to be more of a thing of if he feels like this is the right thing and now is the right time, which is that certainty we talked about. Now, the other outcome we're looking for is, are they willing to allocate those resources to fix the pain? So this is really for lifestyle, AKA non-ROI offers. So like dating, fitness, stuff like that, OK? Spirituality, breathwork, whatever it is. Are they willing? See, this doesn't apply as much for ROI offers, because if you really get down to the pain and what they want and they believe that with 100% certainty that investing in your program will grow their business by, you know, $10,000 a month, well, then they're going to, in your tickets, let's say, $5,000, well, then they're going to do it, right? It kind of checks this one off the list. But with something like fitness, somebody might know they have a problem in fitness, with their health and fitness, for whatever reason, know it's costing them a lot, know they need to change right now, OK? Know they can't fix it on their own, have compelling reasons why they want to fix it. They might be able to invest, but they're not willing, right? They're just in this mindset to where they have this belief that, you know, fitness shouldn't cost $5,000, right? So in cases like that, we need to know if they're willing to allocate those resources to fix the pain. So really, this is all about how to do that down here, OK? And then the last thing here is we want to establish clear data points for their current situation in this part of the call. Meaning, like, you know, they're doing $7,000 a month. Or if it's a weight loss offer, how much do you weigh right now? 225 pounds. If it's a dating offer, how many dates are you going on a month right now? Do you have a relationship right now, right? We need to establish kind of data points, because that helps us create duality and really see and help give the prospect clarity of where they are now versus where they want to be, right? And it helps just create those two end points that we can position our offer in between, so that they believe our offer is the vehicle to get them from where they are now to where they want to be. Let me know if that makes sense. So one key distinction here is, and this is really big, OK? I have fallen for this so many times. This is how I learned it, just out of my own experience, is do not let digging into financials become a self-fulfilling prophecy, OK? So it's a paradox. What happens is, if you're digging into finances with the belief that, you know, this guy, he probably doesn't have any money, so I need to dig into finances, they're going to pick that up energetically, and then they're going to put their guard up. And a lot of times, that self-fulfilling prophecy will become true, and he's going to admit he has no money, right? He's going to be like, this guy can kind of tell that, you know, he can tell I have no money. I'm just going to tell him I have no money, right? So the best way to really dig into finances is to parlay it with, like, a genuine concern as you go deeper, OK? Parlay it based on something they've already told you. Like, for instance, if somebody tells me they're doing $4,000 a month, their expenses are $3,500 a month, and they're basically living paycheck to paycheck, OK, it makes sense for me. I'm going to be genuinely concerned, OK? So I'm going to start to go deeper into questions like these. And then once I get into finances, I'll front load it with permission and moral authority and make it much, much more natural and not seem like I'm, like, vetting him to, you know, see if he has, you know, what his limit on his Amex card is, for instance. So let me know if that makes sense, guys. But this is big, because it especially will happen with people who, like, when you get in a position with an offer as a sales rep, or maybe even you're an entrepreneur and you got, like, five to eight calls a day, and you're trying to kind of conserve your energy, what you're going to find as you start to take a lot of those calls is, like, you want to get these people without money off the phone. So just be aware of this, because that's where it's going to come up the most, is in situations like that. Now, financial questions. So these are the ones that are going to be, and we'll say, you know, plus data point questions, right? So for non-ROI offers, financially, you want to know what they currently do for work, right? Because if you're in a fitness offer, if they're working at Walmart, that's a huge red flag versus if they're a nurse, or if they're a PA, or maybe they're a doctor, right? If they're in health care, right? Then for your weight loss offer, you know if they're a nurse, a PA, or a doctor, or something like that, they're at least probably making $80,000 a year, if not more, which they can basically do it. They'll probably have good credit as well, all right? So then you probably need to go into willingness, but you don't need to, like, you know, super, super vet on finances. But if they're doing Walmart, you know, if they're working at Walmart, it's a red flag, OK? So that's one. Let me add here, like, and this is obvious, but for non-ROI offers, set a data point. So, you know, how much do you weigh currently, right? And we can even chunk that down. So, like, how does that compare to three months ago, a year ago, three years ago, right? Because then you can see, I just reviewed a call today, it was a fitness call, some guy's been yo-yoing up and down on his weight for 20 years, right? So, I mean, that's a powerful thing to know, because you can really dig in on that, and what impact that's had on him, in what way, stuff like that. So this is technically a chunking down question, so this would be in part two. But, you know, you're kind of getting this from setting that data point and then going deeper, if that makes sense. So this is kind of obvious. Just make sure you have a data point here. Now, as we go into business, the business data point is always going to be income slash revenues, OK? So let me break this down here. I mean, easy, right? The first question everybody asks, nobody has a problem asking this, is, OK, well, how much money are you making from your business right now? Which, usually what I do is, when I chunk down on business, and I'm getting into leads, I'll typically go back two or three months. And then, as I get the leads, and how many people they closed, and what the conversion rate was, and all that stuff, I'll be like, OK, and then how much money did you do in October? How much money did you do in September? How much money did you do in August? OK, so total, that's about $10,000 a month across the past three months on average. How does that compare to what your average has been total this year? Oh, wow, OK, so you were doing about $25,000 a month. Now you're at $10,000 a month. So why do you think that is? Why it's going down? I mean, and I hate to ask this, but what do you feel like, if this trend continues in six months, where are you going to be if nothing changes? So you see how that works, OK? So basically, when we go back two or three months back, that's a very powerful way to get finances and to dig into the company revenues. Because a lot of times, if you ask how it is yearly, they're going to tell you $10,000 to $15,000 a month. But they're on the call with you because something's not working in their business. So oftentimes, the past two or three months are some of the worst months. So always dig into those recent revenue numbers, because that'll reveal a lot of the truth about what's really going on, that if you just took their word for yearly or typically average type of stuff, you're not going to get. So that's what I'm saying, how this stuff all kind of parlays together. When you're going into chunking down, a lot of times you'll just end up in finances, OK? So you go in the leads. Then you go into how much revenue they made each month, October, September. Obviously, right now, it's November. So that's why I'm using those months. But October, September, August, how much money did they make in each of those months? How does that compare to the year? That'll tell you a lot of truth about where they're trending. And that's even more pain you can dig into, and even more cost down the road. So let me know if that makes sense, guys. But anyhow, as we get into the financial part, so let's say either they tell you a yearly number, or sometimes I like to do it on the past three months. So I'll be like, OK, so the past three months, total made $29,000 across October, across September, and August combined. $29,000, is that right? Right. OK, is that gross, or is that net? Because we don't know. Oftentimes, it's gross. They're going to tell you the number that sounds good, and not the number that is more importantly, which is net. OK, now that's gross. OK, what is that net after expenses, after everything? Like you take out advertising expenses, the whole shebang. What is there left after that? Gotcha. And then what do you leave in the business, versus what do you pay yourself? OK, so now we're kind of chunking down here again. OK, and then so you pay yourself out of the $29,000, you pay yourself about $4,000 a month. OK, now after taxes, what's left after that? OK, about $3,500. OK, and do you use that to support your entire household, or does your spouse or partner work, and they support your family as well? And then you can dig in to the spouse or partner, who supports the household, how that works, so on and so forth. OK, so based on what you pay yourself, how much is left over after your monthly expenses for you to put away and save? In this example, if we chunked it down, and after taxes, he's doing $3,500. I guarantee his expenses are about $3,500. And the question to this is zero. And then the obvious next question. And so now I'm going to give you guys an example here of how I just go deeper and deeper and deeper. So now we're getting into paying questions again, right? So this all stuff, it just fluidly kind of goes together. But OK, so based on what you pay yourself, how much is left over after monthly expenses to put away and save? Zero. OK, well, can I ask you an honest question then? Yeah. I mean, are you satisfied with that? No, I'm not satisfied with that. Yeah, I mean, I got you. And what way does that impact you? Does it impact any other areas of your life? Does it cause stress? I mean, how long have you been, and this is kind of getting into cost questions. How long have you been making that amount of money for? Oh, man, I mean, it's kind of just been like that all my life. OK, well, then I get your month to month, and it's causing some stress. But if you've been doing that all your life, why not just stay where you are, though? I mean, how much longer can you sustain being month to month, given the way things are now, before that has an effect on you? Oh, no, it's affecting me right now, and I want to change. Gotcha, well, why now, though? Another one you can ask is, can I ask you a personal question? And I really hate to ask this, but what's your plan if, say, six months goes by and nothing changes, and you're still month to month? And then he says, oh, no, well, I mean, it's not even an option. I definitely got to change. Well, I agree with you, man, but why now, though? So then we're getting back into the cost and the urgency. And I just threw these in here. We'll go into these probably in the next video or the video after, when we go into cost. But let's say he says something like, because either people will, when you say something like this, people will do one of two things. They'll either say, oh, no, no, I definitely got to change. Now is really, really the time. Great, OK, well, why now, though? And then we have them qualify that answer. But they also might say, oh, well, I guess I'd just be keeping on, keeping on in the same spot. They give you that E or response. So this is how you handle that. Well, OK. But whose decision is that, ultimately? I guess it'd be my decision. OK. And are you willing to settle for that? So then we can really get into that. And honestly, if they are, then you can challenge them. But I would probably start to disqualify them a little bit. How important? If you're willing to settle for that, then how important is this to you, really? And I would just start to get into that and actually kind of lean out and disqualify them a bit. But the chances are, even if they say, oh, I guess I'd be in the same spot, if you do these two things, you're going to bump them right back into the pocket. So obviously, these are cost questions. These are pain questions. I just wanted to throw them in here, because it all fluidly goes together as you chunk down from finances. Make sense? So now let's move on to resources and willingness. Now, you really don't need to use these every single time. Just really, if you get red flags about their finances, like if the guy's a waiter, he's making $2,000 a month, well, we're going to go into that. By the way, a good question here for ROI offers is, if somebody is working full time, how much money do you need to bring in to replace your current income doing whatever? This is a lot less invasive than asking, how much money do you make waiting tables right now? That's kind of like, oh, well, why does that matter type of thing. But this is more of a goal-oriented question. So they just tell you. Small nuance works every time, though. How much money do you need to bring in to replace your current income doing blank? And then we can start to dig in a little bit. Same thing. Let me know if that makes sense, guys. Now, resources and willingness, again, red flags. Now, for non-ROI and lifestyle type of offers, fitness, dating, mindset, which mindset could be related to business big time. And that's what I would do if I did mindset. But let's say it's spirituality and, I don't know, work-life balance or something like that. Can I ask you an honest question? Are you willing to invest in yourself financially to fix whatever pain they told you so that you can ultimately whatever they want? Can I ask you an honest question? Are you willing to invest in yourself financially to stop being lonely and not having a girlfriend so that you can ultimately get consistent dates and actually have a woman that you want and choose her from a place of abundance for a dating offer? And I'm obviously just kind of riffing that off the cup. But you want to use their own language in this. That's what's going to make it powerful and make them really think about this. And a lot of times, they're going to say yes. Now, if they say no, you want to use this. OK, well, can I just be honest with you for a second? Look, I mean, if you look at the most successful people in the world, they have one thing in common. They're willing to invest in mentors so they can get the support in building the skills and the mindset to be able to achieve what they want. So when it comes to achieving a dating life that actually has abundance to where you can have consistent dates with girls you want and choose a girlfriend from abundance, if you're not willing to invest to get the skills and the pieces of the puzzle that you're missing right now, I mean, how are you going to get there then? OK, so I know that's a corny example. I keep going back to this dating thing. But this is a good one to really qualify them. It's like, well, how are you going to get there then? Because if you keep doing the same thing over and over again, you're going to get the same result. So how will you get there if you don't get help and invest in getting help? Now, and by the way, I don't see, usually this is enough. I don't see you having to use something like this and challenging them as much. But you got it in your toolkit if you need it. Now, for ROI offers, this is a great way to do this. And you could really do this for lifestyle and ROI offers. Can I ask you a personal question about your finances? Look, and the reason I'm asking is I'm here not just to determine if working with me or if working with us is the best fit for you, but even if it is, when. And timing is predicated on a lot of things, one of which of those things is finances. So are you open to having an honest conversation about where you're at financially, and then based on that, we can figure out the best way we can help you? Awesome. OK, so starting with cash on hand, where is that at exactly right now? And then if their cash on hand is really low, or if it's like, even if it's enough, but it's like, man, they'd have to really kind of squeeze to be able to do this. Gotcha, man. OK, and look, so this isn't coming from me. This is coming from, and I'd like reference your influencer, who's really successful. Cash flow is ultimately the lifeblood of your business. All great businesses out there, what they really focus on is building what's called a war chest, which means a lot of cash on hand. So in a lot of cases, especially with investments that have great return, it's important that you protect your cash on hand and actually use leverage and credit instead. So let me ask you, do you have access to credit to fund your business? Million different ways you can kind of frame and justify this question, but doing so is going to be more effective than, OK, well, what's your credit situation like? A lot of times, if you just bull rush right into that question, they're going to be like, OK, well, how much does this cost? But when you kind of mix it in with some education about cash flow is the lifeblood of your business, and it's important we protect that and build a war chest and increase your cash on hand. So in a lot of cases, the ROI offers, it makes sense to leverage credit so that you can use somebody else's money to take an advantage of an opportunity you'd otherwise not even have access to. So that being said, do you have access to credit to fund your business? A few things, if they get defensive, is, look, the reason, and the reason I'm asking you is to find the best route to achieve your goal. So we have some clients come in, and based on their finances, we can take them straight to paid advertising and scale them right up. Other clients, we have to leverage organic so that they can fund their own paid ads. It really just depends. Does that make sense? So this is an example, really, because I understand, there's people in this program that just teach organic marketing, right? So obviously, this example wouldn't work. But the strategy and the underlying principles and concepts, that'll work, OK? Because you're basically, if they get defensive, you're just saying, look, the reason I'm asking this is just determine what's the best implementation path for you. If you've got $100,000 cash on hand, what we can do to get you to $50,000 a month and do that in the fastest way possible is a lot different than if you have $1,000 to your name. Make sense? And you can even throw in this bit here. And even if you don't, even if you can't do this right now, my goal for you, worst case scenario, is to create a game plan for you to work towards in the future, even if you can't do it. So I'm always kind of giving them, look, it doesn't matter if you do this now or later on. I just want to get an idea of where you're at financially. So if you can do it now, we can make something work. But if not, at the very least, you have a game plan to work towards down the road. And then if they have no money, like 500 credit score, $800 in the bank, OK, gotcha. And I mean, this is optional. If you've got a super full calendar, you might just let them go. But if you really wanted to get them resourceful, here's some stuff you could use. Gotcha, so I understand finances are tight right now. But the real issue isn't your lack of finances. The real issue is always going to be lack of resourcefulness. So given where we're at right now, how do you think you can get the funding and be resourceful to get the funding to grow your business? And if they're like, oh, just because I can't do it, are you willing to let the money get in the way of having your dream? Oh, no, I'm not willing to. OK, well, then how can we get more resourceful to make this work? So how many times have I used this and gotten somebody resourceful and they've closed? It's a small number, guys. This isn't where most of your closes are going to come from. But going into finances before does definitely have a lot of merit. I think the biggest lesson from this training is really going through, and I'd re-listen to how I chunk down with this. Because I'm telling you, there's so many people out there that will tout, oh, man, I'm doing $30,000 a month. And they've got three business partners. They're splitting it three ways. That's all gross numbers. It's not their net. And when you chunk it down after taxes and what their expenses are, they're basically taking home $2,000 a month and not leaving anything aside, nothing towards savings. And that leads into so many great cost questions, which we'll cover in a next training or two, and also paying questions. So that's it for this training, guys. Hope you found it helpful. If you have questions, hit me up. And I'll see you in the next training.