What's up guys, Cole here and welcome back to the training. This training is on getting clear on the pain, okay? So how and when to use pain questions. Now I'm going to tap out real quick just to show you where we are. So you know we're in the information gathering phase obviously. We're going to start the call with pain questions, okay? And we're going to get into the reasons why we do that but just to give you one right now. It's because when you start with the pain, it's very, very easy to lead into literally all of these, okay? And it'll make the conversation very naturally and free flowing to where a lot of these things about finances or maybe their spouse or their goals or things they've tried in the past, why they have to fix it now, it'll just come up on its own, right? And that's a lot better than us just feeling like we're interrogating them with our questions when it's more of a natural sort of conversation. So real quick, just what we're going to cover, why we start the call with pain questions, I just gave you a reason but there's another reason we're going to cover here in just a second. We're also going to talk about the outcome that we're looking for in the information gathering phase, okay? So basically what I want to give you guys in those nine parts is like exactly, you know, knowing exactly what you're looking for in each part so that you can check that off the list and then move on. Like if you remember how I taught you how to take notes where you're kind of crossing things off as you go, that's my goal for you to where, you know, you ask a question, you hear a certain outcome from the prospect and what they say and you can say, okay, check finances, check resources off, for instance, okay, check pain off and check cost off, okay? So I want to let you know is for pain questions specifically, what outcome are we looking for? And it's pretty simple. And then the last thing we're going to cover is specific scripting and examples on different pain questions and how and when they use them, okay? So why do we start the call with pain questions? I just gave you one reason but the other reason is that the sole focus of any business is solving problems, okay? At least any successful business, alright? The reason why is that solving problems creates value and money follows value, okay? So when you solve a problem, it creates value for somebody else and if that value is of a higher perceived value than somebody's money, they're going to exchange the money for the value for you solving their problem. So if we know this to be true, then sales is the demonstration we can solve a problem for somebody else, that's it, okay? So therefore, we must get clear on the problem as soon as possible because if there's no problem, there's no sale. When I'm on my sales calls, I'm very problem focused, okay? I want to find the problem. If there's no problem on the call, to me, there's no sale, right? So you might have heard this quote before but focus on if there's a problem to be had not a sale to be made. So exactly what outcome are we looking for with our pain questions? First is very simple. We're looking for an isolated pain, right? Just a clear problem and we'll get into like examples of these in just a second. The second one is a little bit more difficult to understand but we just want to understand the full context and severity of the problem, okay? So for instance, if the problem is, the isolated pain is, well, I don't know how to generate leads. We want to understand the full context of that. Well, what are they using to generate these right now? Why is that not working? Why is that the biggest challenge of their business? Well, how many leads did they generate last week, last month and so on and so forth? How is that impacting the bottom line? Is that inconsistency in the ups and downs to where one month you get really good referrals and the next month you don't? I mean, how does that put you in a tough spot given you have to support a family of four? And we're asking questions like that to understand the full context and severity of the problem, okay? So there's four parts to this and we're going to go into each of these part by part in just a second. But basically, first we want to have a full understanding of the problem, okay? We're going to do this through like general just probing questions. We're going to ask like one or two tops. Then we want to have a full understanding of the severity of the problem, okay? So just a full understanding of the context and then the severity, all right? This is questions that are going to widen the gap, all right? Oftentimes this is linking it to another area of their life, personally, professionally and so on and so forth. We'll get into some examples. Then we want to attach numbers to the problem, okay? We do this through chunking down and a lot of times, especially with ROI offers, you're going to ask some financial questions here, right? You'll see in a second, but chunking down will lead to financial questions, okay? And then lastly, we want to understand what the problem is keeping them from getting. So ultimately if they could fix the problem, what would that do for them? These are need payoff questions, okay? So let's get into the specific scripting and you'll get access to this document really quickly. Basically there's two parts to this doc. There's part one and part two. Part one is super simple. It's the first thing you're going to do in the beginning of the call and then part two is what you're going to do once you've isolated the pain. So we'll get a copy of this. As of anything, this is not something to where you do not read all of these line by line by line off of the script. These are more like each of these, these are all the questions I would be asking if I was you in the tense of like, these are, you know, you keep these questions in your back pocket. If you think of it as in like all the questions are an arrow, you're adding the arrows to your quiver and based on what the prospect's saying, you're going to take out an arrow and shoot it. Okay. I know that's a corny example, but it's a good way to think about it. So you're not going to use all of the questions. You're just going to use the ones pertinent and just enough so to get the outcome that you want. Okay. So the first part of paying questions is really do we just want to isolate the problem. This is super duper simple. So in the beginning of the call, and actually let me pull up the rapport document here. So I think I bolded it. Here it is. So when we frame the call, okay, we're going to end with, awesome man, we're going to end on an agreement. So just before we dive into things, I just want to make sure that's okay with you. If we need to go there, right? This is a different type of frame that I was going into and I was like, cool. He's like, yeah, man, that sounds great. Awesome. Because the more open and honest about where you're at, the better this is going to go. So that being said, probably our best place to start is, you know, tell me what the biggest challenge is in your business right now or your sales right now. What's ultimately not working. Okay. That is a pain question. Okay. We're going to do that at the very beginning. It's the very first thing we ask. It's how we kind of start the call and essentially start the information gathering phase. So what are we looking for here? We're just looking for a clear problem. All right. For instance, my biggest challenge is generating leads. I don't know how to generate leads. My lead flow is inconsistent. Okay. I'm stuck working in my business right now with a ton of fulfillment. That's another one. I can't close the deals that we have. I've been stuck yo-yoing or I've been stuck with my weight or maybe it's yo-yoing with my weight for forever now. Okay. Could be anything, but it's just like most of the time you'll get compliance here. You're going to get, you know, the exact biggest, my biggest challenge is this, right? They're going to tell you because they want help. All right. So that's super, super simple. And it's just such a, everybody's asking what motivated you to take the time to do the call today? No. Start with just what is your biggest challenge right now? What's not working? All right. So here's some questions you can start with. Obviously what's your biggest challenge right now? What's not working in your business right now? Where are you stuck right now? What do you need help? Where do you need help specifically right now? Okay. Notice the common theme. Right now. Okay. We want them to apply the right now, like the frame is now, okay. Because we want them to make a decision now. All right. So it's all about what's going on right now in their business. So I'll usually like, I'll, I'll be cognizant of applying that over and over and over again, but it's really important with this first question. Now I know you guys are going to ask this and every once in a while, and you know, I would say maybe five to 10% of the time, but oftentimes less. You might get a response along the lines of like, Oh yeah, man, whatever. You know, I don't really have a biggest challenge right now. You know, I just kind of wanted to see what you guys do. Okay. Or, you know, some people, they might respond to this question with like their goals. I know this sounds weird, but they might be like, Oh, you know what, what I really want right now. Like the main thing I'm after is, you know, getting my business off the ground and getting the, getting the 10 K a month. Or they just told you their goal. Okay. So in that case, what we want to do is we want to reverse engineer, or even if they said, everything's fine. Just want to see what you do. We still want to reverse engineer. So don't get all like, you know, don't try to get in a battle with them here, just neutral tonality. Great. Okay. So what exactly are you trying to accomplish in your business or life right now? All right. What do you need to get? And then you want to follow up with these questions. What do you need to get there ASAP? What's the biggest reason you're not already there? So for instance, if a guy says, Oh, everything's fine, I just kind of want to, you know, see what you do. Awesome, man. So, you know, what will, the obvious question is then what are you exactly trying to accomplish in business right now? Like what's your goal? And then, you know, if he says, Oh, I'm trying to get to X, Y, and Z. Okay. Well, where are you at now in terms of revenues? I'm trying to get to 50 K a month. Okay. Where are you at now? Okay. Well, let me just ask the obvious question. You mentioned you don't really have a biggest challenge, but like, what's the biggest reason you're not already at 50 grand a month? So then you'll, a lot of times get the pain because sometimes they just misunderstand the question or it just doesn't like resonate with them well. Or they'll be like, Oh, it's just a matter of time. Okay. Well, how long do you think it's going to take you to get there then? And then the next follow up question is what do you think is keeping you, keeping you from getting there faster? Because obviously, even if it's just time, Oh, it's just a matter of time. I mean, there's still something that's keeping him from getting there tomorrow, right? There's still a challenge. So there's still stuff there. And if we still can't get anything, then we're going to move on to the two truths. Another way you can approach this is, okay, man, well, let's just kind of reverse engineer what you need to get to where you want to go. So, you know, let's start, let's begin with the end of the end in mind here. What's your goal ultimately? All right. And then you just really follow up with the same questions above. People who are like very, everything's fine, I just want to see what you do. If you start with what's your biggest challenge right now, they're probably not going to respond with this. I would say, you know, now that I think about it, probably 5%. Sometimes though, you're just going to get people who are, they're called a towards meta paradigm people to where they're more, they move towards something opposed to away from something. It's about 10% of the population. So when you run into those folks, sometimes you'll ask them a question and this just won't resonate with them and they'll start to talk about their goals. So then just get clear on their goals and then you just want to reverse engineer. Okay, well, what's the biggest reason you already, you want already there? What do you need to get there ASAP? What is the biggest challenging, I mean, you can even, once they give you your goal, okay, well, like what do you feel like is keeping you from getting to that goal on your own? Technically to me, that's a pain question. Okay. Let me know if that makes sense. So if they're a stickler and it's like, you know, you really do get everything's fine. I just want to see what you do type of thing. Let's say you sell lead generation services. So then you're going to go into a background question, all right, and as you'll see throughout this entire thing, you know, these questions, it's not like, okay, we only ask pain questions. We only ask background and we only ask financial. I know like a lot of scripts are taught like that, but it doesn't work like that. So they're all fluid together. I know I've said that a lot, but we're going to go into a background question here. Okay. Well, how are you generating leads right now? Great. Okay. So is that working well for you? And you know, if he already said something like everything's fine, I just want to see what you do. He's going to say, yeah, man, it's working great. Okay. Well, what about it's working great specifically? Awesome. Then he starts to tell you kind of like all the things that are great about it. And then once you get that, awesome, man, well, sounds like things are going fairly well for you. I'm just curious, but what would you change about that if you could? And then they're going to start to tell you what they would change about it because nobody's a hundred percent satisfied with what they have. Okay. So they might say, oh yeah, man, I'm running Facebook ads and I'm getting about five leads a day and it's great. And you know, the leads are, they're decently qualified and yeah, man, it's going pretty well. Awesome, man. Well, sounds like things are going fairly well for you in terms of advertising. I'm just curious in terms of the, you know, Facebook ads and the funnel and how everything's set up. I mean, is there anything that you would change or you would improve if you could? Oh, well, I mean like our biggest thing right now is that all our eggs are in one basket and even though Facebook's working really, really well, everybody's going to be banned from Facebook. So I think like one of my biggest concerns later on is getting multichannel. Okay. I'm just throwing out some random stuff here, but nobody's going to be a hundred percent satisfied with what they have. Okay. So this is a way you can create the gap and then you want to follow up with, awesome, man. Well, is there anything else that you would change? So once you get to this, this will give you your pain and then we can move here. But this is like a lot of times worst case scenario. Okay. Now at the same time, these are good questions to also ask if let's say, you know, you sell gym coaching services and somebody has worked with a really, really big gym coaching company out there that has a lot of market share and you know, they're kind of satisfied and you know, you can tell they're kind of satisfied, but they're not thrilled, but they're also like not about to leave. Right. And they're currently using that. Awesome, man. Well, how's that service going for you right now? What do you like about it? What else do you like about it? Well, it sounds like that was going fairly well for you. I'm just curious, but what would you change about that service if you could? Okay. And they're going to tell you, Oh, well they weren't giving me support on Facebook ads. They, you know, it was great for lead generation, but we have no fulfillment systems. So it kind of created myself a glorified job, not a business. You'll get the whole gamut of stuff with this. It's really effective. But I'm telling you, most times you won't need it to isolate the pain. It's a good solution based question. Most of the time you're going to ask what's the biggest challenge in your business right now and they're going to tell you everything you need to know to isolate the pain. Okay. So I'm giving you like all the tools and the tool belt here. So don't just get, don't, don't get too like carried away or confused. Now, once we have an isolated pain, my biggest problem is generating leads. Okay. That's really all we need. Then what we're going to do is widen the gap. All right, part two. So what we're doing here is we're just stretching the pain a little bit and we're going to do this through a couple of different types of questions and this will all come, you know, kind of work fluidly together. So there's general probing questions, there's going to be chunking down questions, which are questions that turn stories into numbers. We'll get into that in just a second. And then there's going to be questions that widen the gap and need payoff questions. Okay. And you can get through this phase really quickly guys. So don't, I gave you a lot of questions here, but I'm telling you, if you start with what's your biggest challenge right now and you move on to something like, okay, well cool. When you say that's your biggest challenge, what did you mean by that or why do you say that? Sometimes you'll get everything that you need. Okay. It just depends on, you know, certain prospects are closed off, you're going to ask more questions. So what are we looking for in this section? One that we fully understand the problem. That's easy to do with the general probing questions. Number two is that you understood the full context and severity of that problem. Okay. So that's about widening the gap, which is down here. That'll get to the full context and the severity. Third, we want to understand what the problem is keeping them from getting, that is the payoff questions. And then we want to attach clear numbers to the problem. Okay. So we do this through chunking down and a lot of times like in a business ROI offer, for instance, it just, it's, it's natural to lead into finances and the financial based questions when you chunk down about something like, let's say lead generation. Okay. And you'll see what I mean. So let's get into these. First, there's the general probing questions. So somebody tells you, you know, they isolate the pain. My biggest challenge is I'm not clear on my offer. That's all they say. Okay. Awesome. Well, when you say you're, you're not clear on your offer, like what do you mean by that exactly? You just follow up with an open ended probing question. Okay. Or a really good one is, okay, so getting clear on your offer is your biggest challenge. Um, you know, I'm, I'm curious, but why do you say that? Why do you feel like that's the biggest challenge overall? Because I believe that, you know, if I had a clear offer, I would know how to market myself. I know how to get leads, sell. Everything else would fall in place. It's just the only thing that's keeping me from doing that. Okay. It's really, you know, if somebody, and they'll say, say stuff like that. So if they do, it's really important to figure that out. Um, another question you can ask is why is that important now though? Okay. This is works better after you stretch it out with time and we're going to get into that with the cost questions and like the why now type of stuff. But aside from that, is there anything else you would change about your situation if you could? Okay. Cause they might harp on lead generation, lead generation, lead generation. And you might ask this one and then now you also find out they have fulfillment issues so you can position your solution to relieve them of that as well. Okay. Now, another good question that's just kind of a general probing question I threw in here. It's technically a doubt question in my opinion, but you know, as you'll see, as we get into part two, we start to ask doubt questions. We start to ask a solution based questions. They just all flow together. So another good one is a process question, right? And this is basically a question you ask to where you know they're going to say no. Okay. So that, you know, the common one you see out there a lot is do you feel like you have a process on what you can like call on and you know, pull the lever and get new clients coming in at will. If they just told you their main challenge was lead generation, the answer is going to be no. Okay. Now, do you feel like you have a process that, you know, you knew if you followed it with certainty that you would lose weight? A lot of times they're going to say no. If they say yes, then the obvious question is, well, why are you stuck? Well, I have a hard time following it. Okay. Well, tell me more about that. Right? So you just lead with these questions and you really get a full understanding here of the problem. This is like my favorite question is just, and it's so simple, but it's how long has this been going on for? Man, my biggest challenge is I just, you know, I lose 20 pounds and I get really close to my goal. Wait, then I just gain it back. Oh man. Interesting. Um, you know, I'd ask, tell me more about that and stuff, but after I got the details and I'm just curious, like how long has this been going on for? Okay. Um, and that, that sets you up good for life. Why now? Okay. We'll get into that in another training. Um, and then another doubt question here, but it just goes, it flows naturally when you're talking about the problem is, you know, what do you think has been keeping you from figuring that out on your own? Wow. You've been yo-yo dieting for three years now. Like what do you think has been keeping you from figuring this out on your own? Right? It's just a great way to elicit doubt. I just don't know what I don't know. I mean, I've tried this, I've tried that. I mean, it's time for me to hire a personal trainer or an expert or something, right? They just admitted that they need help and they can't fix it on their own. So that's an outcome that you wanted. So I put here in the keynotes, these kinds of general questions here, they're going to parlay really well into like doubt questions, background questions, which is like, what is your offer? How does it work? What are the price points? Because a lot of times to get clear on the pain, you got to get clear on their background as well. It's going to power into solution based questions. So let's say the biggest challenge is, you know, lead generation. You say, why do you say that? And they say, well, because I've tried Zillow, I tried realtor.com and I've tried Facebook ads and just nothing's worked. Okay. So now we're going to go into solution based questions because they're talking about stuff they've tried in the past that hasn't worked. Okay. So when you hear this stuff, you just know, okay, I need to parlay into that and that'll help you also get clear on the pain overall. Now the second part here is chunking down and I love this. Not a lot of people teach this, but the way I like to say this, or the way I like to talk about this is it turns questions into, or it's questions that turn stories into numbers. Okay. So you ask somebody what their problem is, what you're going to get oftentimes, you're not going to get like the answer, you're going to get a story. Okay. And that could be honest, it could be fabricated, but I'm telling you a lot of times the best way to get clear on the pain is just to get the numbers and like chunk it down to what's really going on. And doing this not only helps you get clear on the severity of the pain and the context and all that stuff, it also creates doubt because they get to see how bad their situation really is. So to do this, to like transition into the kind of this part here, you also have to know like what they're currently using or doing to try to fix the problem. Okay. So let's say the problem is generating leads. Okay. Well, what are you currently doing to try to generate leads right now? All right. Let's say the problem is, oh man, I just like, I don't have a girlfriend. I really want a girlfriend. Okay. Well, what are you currently doing to meet new women right now? All right. So Oh, you know, sometimes it's, let's stick with the lead generation example for instance. Yeah. I mean, you know, it's basically referrals. Okay. Cool. Well, let's see how that's working out for you then. You know, just last week, how many appointments did you have with new potential clients exactly? I had one. Okay. Well, what about the week before? Okay. I had two. What about just like last month in total in October? Oh, I had four. Okay. And do you have September's numbers? Yeah. Yeah. It was six. Right. And you know what's crazy about this guys? I can't tell you how many times people will start to give you their numbers and be like, man, I just didn't realize it was that bad. Okay. So when they get to, when they know their numbers, it's bad, especially like with this example, you know, how are you currently getting dates with girls? Oh, you know, and sometimes I just meet them through my social circle, whatever. There's a lot of pride associated with guys who struggle with this. So you know, I guarantee if somebody starts to dig into this, how many dates did you have last week? Zero. What about the week before? Zero. And then you go back and back and back, you know, when's the last time you had a girlfriend? Oh, two years ago. When's the last time you had sex? Oh, it's been, you know, six months, right? You know, you can tell how the problem, it goes from, oh, you know, I'm kind of struggling meeting women, but I meet them through my social circle to, you know, you haven't had sex in six months. You're not even going on a date once every two weeks. Like it's not good. Okay. So you can do this really for anything. Obviously finances are the easy one, lead generation problem is the easy one, but like I showed you with the dating, you can apply this to anything. Now for ROI offers, when you start to talk about lead gen, obviously you can parlay this in the finances. So a lot of times, you know, I'll get all the leads and then I'll be like, okay, well what percentage of those leads were quality? You said you did four last month, three the month before, seven the month before, out of 14, how many of those leads were like quality people, like the perfect prospect that you wanted to work with? Awesome. Okay. So half of those were the perfect prospects. How many of those did you close? I only closed like two. Gotcha. Okay. So basically out of 14 calls, you only closed two. There's one or two reasons for that. Either that's the quality of the leads coming in or there's some sort of breakdown in your sales process. So which one of those do you think that is? If not both. Okay. So that's how people get here. And a lot of times you ask questions like that, guys, they don't even realize what the problem is until you break it down like that. So it's like by asking questions, this is what Socratic dialogue is all about, is like by asking questions, they're getting actual clarity on their situation. Okay. But once you ask that, it's like, okay, well I closed two in the last three months. If somebody's closed two clients in the last three months, which unfortunately is kind of common sometimes in our space, what do you think the next obvious question is? Okay, cool. So I'm just curious. So what did you close those clients for? How much were they a piece? 5k a piece. Okay. So that's 10k in the past three months. So what's been your revenue exactly in the past three months? Is it just 10k here? Did you have other stuff? Oh, I had a few side projects. It was about 15k. Okay. So the last three months you've been doing 5k a month, right? Now we see how we just, we parlayed that right in the finances and then we're going to do the same thing with finances and chunk down. I'll teach you that in another video, but I just wanted to show you a lot of this stuff. It just leads really naturally into these other parts of the call. Okay. I gave a weight loss example here as well. Here's the dating example I gave. And again, the keynotes, this stuff will lead naturally in the financial questions and then sometimes even cost questions. Like, you know, let's say it's like, you know, that dude's doing 5k a month. He's starting to chunk down a little bit with finances and out of that he's netting 3k. So it's really 3k a month. And he has a family of four. Right? It's like, okay, man, well, does that put you in a tough spot with your family? You know, and I really hate to ask this, but, um, you know, based on the income and how things have been and paycheck to paycheck and the credit card bills are acting up, like what is, what is your plan if, if nothing changes, you know, what is your plan at the last six months or like the next six months? Okay. So you see how it just, it just, it was there. Right. So I just took it. Okay. 