You know, don't be scrolling down and be like, okay, I'm going to ask the next question and the next question list, like know the questions, okay? And then listen, and then you'll know which ones to ask because like the perfect opportunity is going to come up. And when you ask that, it's going to demonstrate to the prospect that you're listening, okay? Now here's questions to widen the gap. So how is that impacting other areas of your business? So let's say, you know, the guy's generating leads, but it's like, you know, let's say you do Facebook advertising and his main problem is that one month everything's great and, you know, he's getting 4X ROAS and then the next month, you know, either you either get shut down or it goes break even and it's just up and down and up and down. Okay, man. So like how is that impacting other areas of your business? I mean, obviously it's, besides the obvious reasons, like, I mean, is it hurting you guys in terms of planning, in terms of growth? Like what, what is it keeping you from being able to do, right? You don't want to make this seem like a dumb question, right, like a duh, but how is it impacting other areas of the business? Is it keeping you from accelerating and being, you know, having the cash flow necessary to hire a team and be a business owner and not your own employee, you know, what else is happening here? Okay. I love this question and I already said it. Does that put you in a tough spot with insert other area of your life, right? Let's say, you know, with the Facebook ads example, one, you know, one month they got banned and they didn't bring any revenue at all or like they brought in 20% of what they usually brought in. Oh man. I mean, does that put you in a tough spot given you have 10 employees to payroll? You know, let's say here's another one. Given you're working 80 hours a week, does that put you in a tough spot, you know, working out and maintaining your health or does that put you in a tough spot with, you know, making time with your family and your wife? You know, considering you've been doing paycheck to paycheck for the past three years, does that put you in a tough position with your family and how else has that impacted you? Right? So these are questions, what we're doing here is we're linking it to other areas of their life and even the same context of the problem. So if it's a lead generation problem, if I link the lead gen problem to the fact that he does not have the margins and the cash flow to hire a team and build a business and not a job, I just widen the gap. Okay? If it's also a lead generation problem and I link it to the fact that, you know, his wife wants to kill him because she's so tired of being on paycheck to paycheck for the past three years, she told him, you know, if you don't get this figured out in six months, you got to go get a job. I just widen the gap. Okay? So you want to, you want to take that pain and it's like we're, we're just widening it and enlarging it. Okay? So another way we can do that is in, in what ways does problem show up in other areas of your life? Okay. This is a good one for weight loss, right? So in what ways does your body weight and your confidence in your body, you know, show up in your relationships with men and, you know, and also your sex life? Other than the obvious ones, in what ways does the inconsistent lead flow your business impact the growth of your company and the overall vision you have for it as a CEO? Okay. Sometimes you can just ask, how has this impacted other areas of your life? How has this impacted your relationships with men or women, if it's weight? How has this impacted your family? So this isn't a bad one. It's just kind of, it's very bullheaded, right? So sometimes we'll create a little resistance, but depending on your rapport and trust, it's okay. So the key notes here, again, this can lead into cost and oftentimes it leads in the spouse and partner. It's actually the best one to leave it in the spouse and partner, right? So remember the one I said here, you know, the guy responds, you know, considering you been doing paycheck to paycheck for the past three years, is that put you in the top position given you have to support your family? Yeah, man. My wife wants to kill me. She said, if I don't figure out in six months, I got to quit and go to get a nine to five. Okay. I mean, is she even supportive of you doing this business or does she want you to quit now? Right? Does she know you're on this call? Does she agree that you need outside help? You can ask those questions and sometimes you'd be surprised. I ask a question like that and the guy will say, oh yeah, man, he's, she's the one who saw you guys as Facebook ad and she said, you need to get on this call and do something or like shut your business down. Or other times it's, oh no, man, if she knew I was on this call looking at another program, she'd freaking kill me. Totally different situation to handle. But you see how instead of just rushing in randomly and asking about her, about his spouse, I just like the topic was there so I just parlayed myself into that and it really just demonstrated I was listening and I actually cared. So much of a better way to do it and of course it can lead into cost, right? And I said that earlier, you know, what's going to happen if, you know, obviously if she's going to make him quit, so are you going to get a nine to five? I mean, do you, is that something you want to do? Is that something you consider? What would it mean for you if you would have to do that in six months, right? There's already implied costs by, you know, his wife giving him the deadline, but obviously this stuff leads into cost here. Okay. The last one is need payoff questions. So this one's really interesting and it actually parallels really well into vision. But the reason we ask these is because there's the pain, but really the pain means nothing. The problem means nothing unless we know what it's keeping them from doing. So this is a good one. Like, you know, I'll ask my probing questions and a lot of times I'll have cost doubt. I'll have background and pain and a lot of times solution and finances. So I'll have these out of the way and then I'll use these need payoff questions that transition into vision. Okay. So ultimately if you were able to X, what would that open you up to do or what would that do for you? That's kind of the framework. So ultimately if you were able to generate five quality leads per day consistently and predictably for the next three months, I mean, what would that do and what would that change for the business? Ultimately if you were able to cut time, the time you're spending in fulfillment by a hundred percent, meaning like completely get rid of it, what would that time you have back open you up to doing your business? And then a lot of times, you know, you ask a question like this and as you start to get clear and clear on their vision, they'd be like, oh man, ultimately man, you know, what it would mean is, is just freedom and then just kind of pause and you just want to let that sink in a little bit. But you know, if they don't give you too much other detail, well, when you say freedom, what do you mean? What does freedom mean to you specifically? Right? And a lot of times I like to frame that, you know, and I love that because I got to my business for freedom too. But the funny thing is if you asked me what freedom meant versus one of my mentors, what freedom meant to him, you would get two entirely different responses. So I'm curious, but you know, when you say it means freedom for you, what does freedom mean for you specifically? Okay. When you get freedom, like freedom, financial abundance, security, impact, you know, stuff that's like these high level values, okay. What is, you know, oh man, it just made me feel secure. You know, when you say secure, you know, what does security really mean to you, right? And these are his values. Okay. So that's why we actually ask these questions is it, what it really is, it's a listening values and this will shift their state, which is really important too. And it's great to parlay in division. So now we know what it really means in like the emotional state it would put them in. And then in the vision questions, we'll get really, really clear on not just the monetary vision, right? But how that affects other areas of their life. Okay. So I want to put here, cause we're going to finish up this training in just a second. Again, once you isolate the pain, it'll become very free flow. All right. So here's the thing guys, like I'm always going to start the call off with what is the biggest challenge in your business right now? Or what is the biggest challenge in your health and fitness right now? Like when it comes to that, what is not working? What is not working with your dating life right now? You know, any, any of that stuff, right? We're going to start with the problem. I'm always going to get clear on the problem first, then I'm going to start to go into these questions. But as you can see, once we start to go into these questions, it's going to open up all these possibilities to parlay into background and the doubt and the solution into financial and the cost. And I mean, some of these open ended questions, guys, you might ask something and you might, you know, they might go on a huge tear and you have solution questions, financial questions and cost questions done after one, you know, one spiel that they gave for three minutes. Okay. So realize that, realize that once you get into here, it's going to become very free flow and you're going to have to know all of these questions and be able to use them based on what the prospect is saying. But oftentimes these are, these types of ones are the ones you're going to use after you get clear on the pain. Okay. So if your prospect doesn't go all over the place and they kind of fall more into a linear progression, you'll start here and it's just going to naturally kind of progress. All right. Let me know if that makes sense, guys. And I just put at the end here, when you're able to, you know, keep that process free flow and not scripted to where you're going question and question and question, what it's going to do is it's going to let the prospect know that you're listening and it's going to be huge for trust and authority. So let me know if this makes sense. This document will be put in the Kajabi. So you'll have this again, you're not going to ask all of these questions on the call. You'll probably ask like two or three out of like each of these sections based on what the prospect says. And let me know if you have questions, guys, we'll talk soon.