Guys, Cole here. Welcome to week 8, which is all about asking skill questions, in parentheses, I put advanced. I'll just tell you right up front, this is really 7 FSA 1.0, a lot of what used to be week 3 put into this section. The reason I wanted to separate it is because when I first came out with this course, it was only basically this curriculum, as you'll see down here. And one of the big things that I think threw a lot of people off is that this is really emphasizing the different questions you can use, their errors in your quiver, and you use them using Socratic dialogue that's very free flow, and you just kind of loosely go through the process. And I think for a lot of beginners and entry-level salespeople, it just was too high level and too kind of vague for them to be able to understand how to properly use it. And so I wanted to put it in its own section now in the discovery information gathering portion of the course, which is now week 2, actually. I give you those two primary syntaxes you can use, and then you just custom tailor those syntaxes based on whatever your offer is. But if you want to really go deeper on the different types of questions you can ask, this is the week. And you can really just become a master at asking questions, at executing the information gathering phase using Socratic dialogue, using what you're going to learn this week. So week 8, it's all about going deeper on the information gathering phase in the call. If we look at the sales process diagram, which I'll pause this and pull up right now. So if we look at this, we can see that there's background questions, paying questions, doubt questions, financial resource questions, solution questions, cost questions, desire questions, and support questions. And I even added actually trust questions to this as well. But essentially, we're in this information gathering phase. And in the information gathering phase, there's different parts, right? And these kind of coincide with, if you watch the belief ladder, the seven beliefs the prospect needs to have to buy. So remember, in the information gathering phase, what we're here to do is to determine if and how we can help the person. That's going to help us, one, figure out if they're qualified, we can actually help them. And two, really be able to position our product well for the pitch. And then the second thing is really just to eliminate objections before the close. We do that by checking all of these boxes. So here's the thing. In a perfect world, those syntaxes, problem-first syntax and goals-first syntax, show you a very practical way of executing the seven beliefs, executing all of these parts in a way that builds on top of each other, in a way that's very logical, linear, and just makes sense. And I'll tell you what, guys. Most of the time, I do follow problems-first syntax or goals-first syntax depending on what I'm doing, just because it makes sense. It's just the easiest way to go about all of these questions and the easiest way to stack these questions against each other so that they naturally lead into one another, they build upon on top of each other, et cetera. That said, you could really do it in any order. I think this is where I put these arrows here. In most cases, it's going to go through this order to where you're going this way, starting with background pain, doubt, financial solution, cost, desire, support. It's going to go this way, but you could do it in any order. So the purpose of this week, the reason I'm telling you this, is because you're going to learn extensively. When we did the syntaxes, I just gave you a few of the questions I really, really like. But now, you're going to learn all of the questions I've ever learned throughout my career that I found useful, at least. And you're going to be able to train on those, memorize those, and really be able to execute this information-gathering phase very, very free flow and have tons of questions at your disposal to really go deep with the prospect during this phase. And I mean, as you know, and especially if you're advanced in sales, this information-gathering is one of the biggest keys of building the consistency bias and really just kind of going deep with the prospect and just getting them to not only tell themselves or tell you, but more importantly, tell themselves of why doing what they say they want to do is so important, which is going to help them move forward at the end of the call. So that being said, I pretty much covered all of this here. As mentioned, it's going to give you a much higher degree of behavioral flexibility. That's the reason I originally taught it this way in the first place is because it was how I actually thought about it as an extremely high-performing sales rep. I was never using a script. I just knew all the questions. I knew the seven beliefs. And really, this section, this week, along with the note-taking process you learned in week 2 is what allowed me to just get insane results. So this week's curriculum is as follows. We have pain questions, background questions, doubt questions, financial resource solution, cost question, or consequence and cost, sorry, vision and desire. Then we have a section here, when the prospect's giving you low goals, watch this. So for a lot of offers, especially the one I see this in all the time is personal trainers trying to go online. A lot of times, they only want to make $5,000. Or they want to make $3,000. That's their goal they give you. And it's kind of tough because you really need to expand that goal up to get them able to be able to invest into a $10,000 program, for instance. Not saying they wouldn't. I've seen many, many times somebody want to make $5,000, and they invest $10,000 to make $5,000 a month in their business. I've seen that time and time again. But as a rule of thumb, you want to bump that goal up so it's a little bit bigger. This video will teach you, I think, five strategies on how to do that. It's very good. And then support questions, spouse and partner. And then trust and transitioning out. OK, this has some cool stuff here. Just stick with the syntaxes, guys. This has some good questions, but I wouldn't transition out this way anymore. Now, things to note regarding week A, again, this is not a script. When I first had people doing this, there's this big information gathering document that you guys are going to get access to. And people are scrolling through that on their calls as their script. I was like, no, that's not what this was for. You want to memorize a lot of these questions and get them down. You'll gravitate towards certain ones. And then put those in your, think about them as arrows that you're putting in your quiver. And you can shoot those off depending on the situation you're in on the call with the prospect. And you can use those as your tools to be able to take what the prospect says and, using Socratic dialogue and these skill questions, go deeper. Again, you're not going to use all these questions. Drill them with flashcards, get them down. And then when you're loosely following problems-first or goals-first syntax and you're combining that with the note-taking training, this is going to allow you a lot of ammo to just kind of free flow through your calls and be able to pull these out and just have amazing calls. I mean, this is what all the, rather they know they're doing it or they're not, when you think about all the great salesperson or salespeople that you look up to or that you know or maybe a guy on your team that's getting amazing results, this is the type of stuff he's able to do, even if he's not conscious of it. So really excited for this week or for you to go through this week of training. And that said, let's get into it. We'll see you in the next video.