What we're going to cover in this training is exactly what to say when your prospect's goals are too low for your program, okay? And the reason why this is so important, guys, is if the goals of the program are too low, or your prospect's goals for your program are too low, it's not going to be able to justify the price. We'll talk more about that in a second, but this is a really, really key thing to make the sale, and a lot of people lose sales when they run into this bottleneck. So here's exactly what to say to be able to fix it, okay? So, again, why is this important? Well, if you're selling a high-ticket offer and your prospect's goals are low, it's going to jeopardize their ability to justify the investment for the program. So, for instance, if they want to make $2K a month in their agency, that's their goal, and your program's $10K, to them, it's like, okay, well, I've got to spend five months to pay off the program. It just doesn't make sense, right? So if you have cases like that, you're rarely going to make the sale, and it's not just for ROI offers. I mean, this especially is important for dating, relationships, health, fitness. It has to be this kind of big, hairy, audacious goal that, at the same time, is realistic, believable, and achievable, if that makes sense. So, as a side note, why do prospects set low goals? A lot of it is shame. Like, if you're watching this training, you may or may not have experienced this, but most people, especially in the business world and who follow me, are very successful, so maybe you haven't. But a lot of the world has, you know, they grew up with parents that kind of shamed them for having goals or high aspirations and told them things like, you're never going to amount to anything, right? So there can be this internalized shame that comes from, you know, setting a goal that's like a little bit above and beyond, okay? Especially, you know, depending on what their environment and their peer group is like and who they're surrounded with. You just never know. I've just had so many thousands of conversations with prospects at this point, and I can tell you that is a very, very, very real thing. And I can almost, you know, I've gotten to the point where I can, like, feel that type of energy, if that's what they have. There's also a lack of vision. They don't know what's possible. Like, a lot of people, they just don't even realize that, you know, they can scale a coaching business to 20K a month or 100K a month or whatever, right? They also might have inaccurate timelines. So maybe they do believe that they can get it to 50 grand a month, but they're like, oh, that's my five-year goal, right? That's crazy, okay? And then, you know, the final scenario is maybe that's all they really want, you know, which is fine. But we're going to kind of go, a lot of times, even if they think that's all they really want, you'll see as we go through this, it's not all that they really want. So, anyhow, what we're going to cover is how to properly elicit the desired situation for the prospect because most, I mean, I'm not even going to say most times, pretty much 95% of the time, 99% of the time, I don't see anybody doing this right, unless they're a client of mine. So we're going to talk about how to properly do that because most people don't do it right at all. And if you do that right, it's going to set all these strategies up to be successful. And if you do it right, a lot of the times, you're probably not even going to run into this in the first place. Then we're going to go over, actually, not four, but five ways to bump up their goals and bump them back into the pocket. So real quick, before I dive into this whole thing, I just want to make sure I'm actually live here because you never know sometimes. Oh, yeah. There's a handsome guy on the page. I think that is me. We are good to go, ready to rock. So first, let's talk about how to properly elicit desired situation of the prospect. A lot of scripts are going to have goals sections or a part where you're getting into the dreams, desires, whatever it's called. That's what I'm talking about here in terms of how we elicit. There's a portion where we're going to be talking and really painting a picture of their heaven island and their desired situation. That's how we're going to widen the gap and we're really going to create hell island and heaven island. First, we want to ask a question that's a shot across the bow. I love this question. Ultimately, what's the goal? Our first question, we want to be really, really broad. Because what's naturally important to them, what's naturally at a high level in their hierarchy of values is going to come to the surface when we just keep it very, very broad and just let them talk and shut up. A lot of people, and I know this is very nitpicky, but a lot of people, when they start their goal conversation off with the prospect, they'll start by wanting to talk about money, especially in B2B offers. That's fine for certain people. A lot of times, you're not going to run into issues there. But there's times where I've just said, ultimately, what's the goal? We're talking about building an agency business or something. It's a coaching program, helping agency owners build their business. I'm like, ultimately, what's the goal? Well, ultimately, it's really about building this nonprofit. And it's like, okay, well, tell me about that. So that's what is at their heart of hearts, not necessarily the agency. It turns out the agency is a vehicle that allows them to be able to do that successfully. But if you would have went right for the revenue goals with just the agency, you never would have gotten there. You know what I mean? So ultimately, what's the goal? Now, we kind of want to see what they say here. They're just going to go. But what we're looking for is the following information, the following data. So we do want to find their monetary goal. Obviously, this is like a B2B example type of thing here. So let's say they want to build an agency. They want to build a coaching program or a coaching business. They want to be a consultant, whatever. We want to know their monetary goal. We want to get real precise with that and then qualify it. Well, why that number? Where did that number come from? So the reason behind the goal. We want to get the long-term vision. Okay. And we want to get the non-monetary goal. Now, see, this is why just going and knowing how to properly elicit desire situation is so important. Because if you get the monetary goal, maybe they give you that 2K a month. Okay. Okay, great. Well, what's the long-term vision, though? And then they're like, oh, long-term vision, 100K a month. See, now, like, we don't even have to deal with that. Like, that vision's there. There's just probably an inaccurate timeline, which we'll talk about later. Okay. So getting long-term vision is key. We also want to get non-monetary goals. What I mean by non-monetary is, like, if we're in a B2B offer, I'm going to explain this for B2C in just a second. So, like, don't tune out if you have a health offer or a dating offer. But if you have a B2B offer, obviously, there's, like, the monetary and the drivers for the monetary, right? But we also want to take that and connect it to, like, one other area of their life that's sort of unrelated, right? So what's the personal goals that this monetary goal would allow you to achieve? Okay. So we do have, you know, private client-wise, really, really good scripting that helps you elicit all of these things in a very, very natural, authentic, conversational way that gets the prospect giving you, like, the best answers you've ever seen in your entire life. It's something we go deeper with on private client stuff. This training is going to be a little bit long, so I'm going to skip over that. But I want to make sure you guys know at least what we're kind of going for here. Now, if you had a B2C offer, instead of monetary goal, it's going to be some sort of data point. So, like, with dating, it might be, like, well, with dating, it could depend, right? So for women's dating, it would be probably, like, tell me about the relationship that you want to be in, right? Tell me about the man that you want to attract. What does he look like? And you're going to kind of paint that picture. How soon do you want to attract him, right? So you're going to probably put a little timeline in terms of your data point. With a guy, it could be, because they're typically a little bit more polyamorous in terms of their goals, it could be, you know, how many dates do you want to be going on a week? How many girls do you want in your rotation? Or something like that. Or it could be the same as, like, a woman goal you talk about, the partner, whatever. For weight loss, it could also be, you know, what amount of, really, with weight loss, it's always going to be how much do you want to weigh specifically, okay? Even if it's more about how they look in the mirror, which we want to dig into, we'll tell you a little bit more about that. We still want to reel it back in and assign a data point to it because it's such an easy thing to refer back to, okay? So anyhow, we need to do this correctly, and you'll see as we go through this why doing this up front so correctly is important. But let's say you do this, they give you a little goal, what's our plan of action? Let's say for the rest of this training, we're going to imagine that we have a program that teaches agency owners how to start and grow their agency, and we just got somebody on the phones, they want to be at 2K a month in the next six months, okay? So, like, a bad example here. But that's what we're going to roll with. So, strategy one, we want to see if they're just trying to be realistic, okay? So, we always want to do this first, and, really, we can do this immediately as we're kind of doing this whole process here. So, what we would say is, gotcha, I mean, you know, 2K a month, that makes sense. Can I ask you a personal question? Is that just a goal that you're setting because you feel like it's realistic? And if so, no problem, but I'm curious, like, if not, like, what's your real goal? Like, what do you really want, ultimately? Okay? And I really try to lean in with my tonality there and be kind of direct, okay? And almost with my energy infer, like, dude, I get, like, that's not all you want. Like, what do you really want, okay? Now, I will say, guys, I've had so many people who run into this low goals issue type of thing. If you just do this, you're probably going to alleviate most of the problems, and it's so simple, okay? You just got to be a leader, you got to be direct, not take it at face value. Now, a little bit more advanced here, if you want to throw it in here, is, okay, well, for instance, you know, just suspend disbelief for a moment, and let's pretend that you were already at 2K a month. If you were to imagine yourself being right there at that level of income, what would be next? At that point, like, what would you really want, okay? So I included that one because it's a little fancy. It's got a little bit of the NLPs in it, but it does work really well. And so this is kind of like a little one-two punch. Honestly, alleviates probably 80, you know, it's the 80-20, right? It's going to get you 80% of what you want here. Strategy number two is, do they have an inaccurate timeline, okay? So we're going to use strategy one first. In most cases, what's going to happen is we'll do this, and they're going to say, oh, I definitely want more. I'm just trying to be realistic, and I thought six months was, like, the accurate timeframe, okay? Right, so, like, let's say they want to get their agency to 2K a month or 5K a month in the next six months. So what we're going to do here is use what's called moral authority to bump them back into the pocket. Now, what is moral authority? I got this from Oren Klaff originally, and pitch anything. And so basically, if we can kind of paint the picture of what they're doing in a context where it seems outside of what is perceived as social norms, they're much more likely to autocorrect back into what is our frame of what social norms is, okay? That was probably a very complex definition. It's almost like projecting confusion to get them to realize that they're outside of social norms, and then they recalibrate, okay? The definition of moral authority is not going to be as complicated as scripting. Scripting is pretty easy. Well, let me ask you a question, then. If there was a way, if it were possible to be able to collapse that timeframe from six months to 30 days, which I might not think you might not think right now is possible, but just suspend disbelief for a moment, would you potentially be open to trying to achieve that goal in a sooner timeframe? Now, likely, they're going to say yes to this, right? And if so, you're going to want to continue with this. Great. Well, because can I be honest with you for a second? I mean, you know, it's just kind of interesting with wanting to make 2K a month in 60 days, because we have clients who get to the 5K mark within the first week. So, I mean, is that all you really want? Or were you thinking like six months in terms of a timeframe is just simply realistic, and you weren't aware there's much bigger and better possibilities? Because there's so much more out there for you if you just let yourself be open to it, right? So, this is a really, really good frame. Again, this one, usually in this scenario, these two strategies right here, it's all you need. By the way, if you guys want this Google Doc, comment scripting or scripts or something like that. I think it's scripts in the comments. My assistant will hit you with Doc. And then also, if you like this training, you should also hop in our free Facebook group. It's got 30 plus hours of trainings, literally just like this. So, we want to use this one. This one-two punch here, guys, it's going to bump them back into the pocket almost 90% of the time. Okay? So, what we did here, again, we used more authority. We just said, hey, if there was a way for a possible, would you be potentially open to it? Okay? Even better, put open-minded to it. Nobody likes to be not open-minded. Okay? It's a little bit of a language trick there. When you say, would you potentially be open-minded to it, even a little bit open-minded to it, nobody's going to say no to that. It's just nobody wants to say, oh, no, I'm just closed-minded. So, then we hit them with this one. It's good. Moving on to strategy four. Okay? Now, let me point out here, this is kind of like almost like our, we're getting into our like our DEF CON last resort type of stuff down here. Usually with this, you're going to get them back into the pocket. And then from there, it's like, okay, well, you know, let's brainstorm on what a better goal would be for you here. So, and then we want to try to pin them down on a bigger goal and a shorter timeframe that happens to be the timeframe of our program. Okay? I just wanted to throw that in there because usually this is going to break their frame here, these two strategies. So, we do want to reset their goals and then keep referring back to it. And then ask, okay, well, even getting there, what would that do for you? Right? So, you want to make sure the desired situation around the new goal that you set with them. Anyways, moving on to strategy four. So, again, you're only going to use this if the first three strategies don't work. It's pretty rare. But this is your last resort. And I think you guys will think it's pretty cool. It's kind of like a little ninja tactic that we have here. So, what you're going to do is oftentimes, and this is also very, very good with people who are very impact driven. Okay? I should have mentioned that earlier in the training. But if sometimes you've got those people, they're like, I'm not about the money. I'm all about the impact. Right? It's about impact. Okay? If you're in sales, and especially if you're in some sort of coaching sales, you're probably laughing because everybody has had one of those people. This is what you can do with those. And it works very, very well. So, you know, to keep kind of going on with our scenario here, the prospect might respond, you know, yeah, but I'm just like all about the impact. And I'm all about helping people. And, you know, 2K a month is really all I want. And I just, you know, it doesn't matter to me if I get there in six months. Okay? Them saying something like that is pretty rare, but I've had people come to me with this issue. So, we have a solution. What we're going to say is, okay, well, can I challenge you for a second on that? I mean, you just got done telling me that, you know, you want to impact a million people, travel the world, retire your husband, and, you know, maybe even potentially start a nonprofit. And then you also just got done telling me that you only want to make 2K a month, right? So, I'm not coming down on you here for any of this stuff. But I just want to inspire you on what's really possible because all of those things are achievable. All of that impact is achievable. But to be able to have the impact and the reach and make the difference that you want, you need cash flow. And it's going to take a little bit more than 2K a month. So, are you potentially open to kind of rethinking our monetary goals and getting clear here? Because I know that's not the way that you're driven, but that's the way in that we're going to make the impact that you really want and you feel like you should have and that you deserve. So, this is a really, really good one. It works well. I very exaggerated kind of the point here so you could get what I was going for. You know, I have had somebody like this. Okay? This was a real example. But, you know, somebody's probably not going to want to have all of these non-monetary things. But a lot of times somebody wants to make 2K a month but they want to travel the world or they want to do these things that cost more than what their monetary goals are. So, we want to make sure the monetary lines up with the non-monetary. Okay? Because a lot of times these people who are setting low goals, they actually have like what's important in these experiences or family and they want to do a bunch of things for them. But they don't are they are not connecting the dots and those things cost money or they become easier and more effective with money. So, we can realign to make sure and it could be look like this is a big, big dream here, but maybe it's just the person wants to travel the world and then also be able to pay for his wife so she doesn't have to work. So, at the lowest budget, that's at least going to take 10K a month net. And then at the same time, I didn't include this in the training, but at the same time, when they ask their goals, you want to clarify, is that gross or is that net? They're going to say, especially beginners, oh, like, yeah, it's net. Gotcha. So, with gross, you know, typically with your business, you're doing advertising, maybe a little bit of team, software expenses, and, you know, a few other things. We're probably looking at, at best, at 10K, maybe a 75% margin, which means we're really going to have to be aiming at 15K or if we're going to be safe, probably 20K a month. So, in terms of gross, are you comfortable with setting 20K a month as a goal? Okay. So, that's a, I can't believe I didn't include that in this training in terms of the written scripting, but if you see what I did there, I clarified that, like, just because you want to make that net doesn't mean that's what you're going for gross. Okay. And that alone, you see, I just doubled their goal doing that. So, that's another thing you can do here as well, this impact one workflow. So, we'll go to strategy five. I should put here strategy zero. So, I'll maybe try to add this so that you guys have it if you download the document. Again, comments, scripts, if you guys want this, and then if you'd like more trainings like these, we got like 30 plus hours of this stuff in the Facebook group, just links in the banner or, yeah, if you're seeing this on my profile, links to the banner at the profile. Anyways, strategy five, the last resort. Okay. This one's like, I mean at this point, if you didn't get here to where you have to use this, this might not even be somebody that you want to work with. Okay. But, you know, for the sake of like really trying to have excellent salesmanship as much as we can. If you wanted to, like it's like we got to, we got to break this person inspire this person and break them out of like their, their fear, or whatever it is. Here's like one more chance that we can do. And I think you'll like the salesmanship and kind of the principles behind this so you'll learn something. I mean, maybe you can help me out for a second because I'm not really sure what we should do here, like, you could probably get to 2k a month in the time frame that you want, just by following our free content and Facebook, like our program might be a little bit overkill for you. So, I mean, what do you think we should do. Okay. Now what's funny about this is when now they have control or the illusion of control. They're going to ask about the program. Because remember, the only reason they really, you know, not always but the main reason the prospects getting on the call is for information. Okay, so now that they have control in their mind. They're gonna want the information. So they're going to say, well yeah but like, you know, maybe I could but like tell me about your program. Okay, well, no worries. I mean, so what I'm hearing is then, you know, even with those goals and those timelines you're still, you know, even a little bit potentially considering getting some mentorship here. Okay, so they're going to obviously respond yes, especially with how I how I soften that language and it's like not a very cornering type of language. Okay. Okay, well, but, you know, given what we just talked about. I mean, why do you feel like you need that now though. Okay, so now we have them in a position where there's only two options for them. They either have to disqualify themselves, which they probably won't at this point, or they're gonna have to qualify to you and fight their way back in. Okay. And then at that point, based on the answer that you get there. It's really your call. If you want to let them in. Or if you want to. So, um, and you know sometimes it depends on your, you know, depends on how efficient you're trying to be with every single prospect and also what you're trying to do with your time, you know, look, you might. It just might not be worth your time to go through the entire prospect process with this prospect, I will say if you're a closer. And you know you already set aside this time to speak with this prospect, and you know you're at this point. A lot of cases you just take them to the close anyway because people like this will close sometimes you'd be suppressed, you know, sometimes they just want to buy a program. Not always, most of the times this is a huge red flag. And it's a big reason why they won't close, but still the closer who makes more offers per week, typically will make more than the closers who don't make as many offers. So, direct correlation here. So if you found this video helpful we got again 30 plus hours of trainings in the Facebook group. Here's the link. If you guys get this, you can also just type in seven figure selling secrets and join the group. When you join in the membership questions, it'll ask you for your email for Kajabi logins to our free seven figure selling secrets sales course. Okay. So, when you put your email in there, you'll automatically be sent an email with Kajabi logins for the course, it's got 30 plus hours of content on how to train your setters and how to set appointments, how to do prospecting, social media prospecting, messenger, closing, you know, basically everything. So it's got a bunch of different stuff in terms of scripting and objections and how to ask the questions and so on. Sales team stuff, how to structure your sales team, how to scale sales teams, we work with probably at this point almost 40 sales teams who are in seven, multiple seven or even eight figures. So, a lot of good stuff there we can pass on to you, but that's it for this training. We'll see you guys in the group.