What up, guys? Cole here. Welcome back to the training. And this training is on solution questions. So basically, to boil this down, it's really, what have they tried in the past, and what are they looking for now? So these questions will help us eliminate any objections having to do with if they've been burned in the past. And they're also going to help us position our offer down the road. So again, as always, we're going to tab over into the Google Sheets, same Google Sheet as you have and have had. And to get this started, so when do we use these? Well, we can't use them until we've at least isolated the pain. So in the very, very first video, Getting Clear on the Pain, I talked about part one. We at least have to do that. Preferably, we want to start asking these questions after we know how long they've been experiencing said pain. And we can also obviously go into these. They start naturally and organically bringing up, oh my god, I tried this person in the past, and I got burned, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. We don't need to follow some rigid, scripted syntax. We can just go right into it with these questions at that time. That's the whole point of this process. We want you to have behavioral flexibility. So real quick, what's the purpose of these questions slash what are we looking for? So first, we want to know what they've tried in the past to fix the said problem or challenge. This is kind of an important distinction here because, sure, you might ask, what coaching programs have you been in the past? And they might reel off 10 coaching programs. But what's more important is what coaching programs, let's say, and this is obviously if you're selling coaching here, but what coaching programs have they tried to fix their lead generation specifically? Or what coaching programs have you tried to fix these issues that you're having with your mindset specifically? Because it's really more important that we position our offer away from similar things they've tried in the past to fix the problem, opposed to just positioning it away from stuff they've tried in the past in general. Let me know if that makes sense. Then we also want to know if they've tried similar solutions to what you have to offer. So this one's a little bit different. So let's say you do sell coaching. So you want to know, what have they tried in general to fix, let's say, their problems lead generation in your selling coaching? What have they tried in general to fix their lead generation problems in the past? They might have tried a paper lead service. They might have tried coaching. They might have tried a done-for-you agency. Those are all different types of offers. But we also want to know, what similar solutions to your offer have they tried? So this is where, if you are selling coaching, you would want to know, have they had any other coaches in general? Because even if they haven't had any coaches to fix, let's say, their lead generation problems, they might have had other coaches in general and then had a bad experience with that coach. So you still want to know what that bad experience is all about so you can position yourself away from that and nip that in the bud before it comes up. Maybe you're selling a done-for-you professional service, and you're an agency. Well, have they hired any agencies in the past? You might do lead gen, but they might have hired a branding agency or a god knows what. There's tons of different things to where there was really, really bad scope creep and you want to dig into that so you can position yourself away from it down the line. So let me know if that makes sense. It's kind of a small distinction here. But we also want to know, are they shopping? For instance, how many times, and I've taken 2,500 sales calls, so this has happened to me more times than I want to admit. But there's been a lot of times where you get to the end of the call, and then you finally find out that, oh, man, it sounds great, but I'm going to talk with somebody else and then choose between you and the other person. So we want to, these questions, part of the reason we ask them is to see if they're shopping ahead of time. Because typically, if they are, we're going to set up a two-call close and then have our second call after their call with the competitor. That way, we get the last say. Because typically, by 80% of the time, the person who goes last is going to win the business, especially if it's, in my experience, because the other competitors they were talking to also had really good sales teams. So I mean, it was just, it's just going to be whoever they speak with last. Now obviously, with different industries, if they talk with another person and the salesperson's not nearly as good, they're not using what you're learning in this program, you're going to have a huge upper hand. But either way, best practice, you want to go last. Ultimately, we also want to find out what they've tried in the past to solve this particular challenge. Why didn't it work? What they like, what they didn't like, and so on and so forth. So we can position our solution as exactly what they're looking for. And then I kind of mentioned this already, but the explanation of our solutions, or our pitch, should explain simultaneously why everything in the past that they've tried hasn't worked and why this is going to be different at the same time. So it's kind of like, we're not just pitching, we're also educating them on their problem, why what they tried in the past didn't work, and how this is going to be different. So the pitch in and within itself, if you do it right, has a lot of value. And this is a big thing, if you ever watch the pre-pitch video, that the pre-pitch is really where I nail this down. But you can do it in your normal pitch as well. So a few key distinctions before we get into this. I typically like to use these questions after I get through pain, background, doubt, and finances and before the cost questions, hence where I put it in the syntax. So again, if they start just bringing up stuff they've tried in the past and you haven't gone into doubt or finances yet, go into these questions by all means. But in a perfect world, sometimes you have just really compliant prospects that are just answering you and giving you clear, succinct responses to everything that you're asking. The ideal syntax is after all of these and before this. And this is also, solution questions are usually the best segue in the cost questions. And the next training will go over cost questions. And by the way, if they haven't tried anything to fix this in the past, don't get all alarmed here. That's great. You can just check this off the list and move on. If they've been struggling with this for two years, they haven't tried anything in the past at all to fix their lead generation, you might want to check if they've tried anything in the past that's similar to what you might have to offer, like if they've had any other coaches. But other than that, you can check this off the list and move on. It just saved you a bunch of time. So don't try to get all worried if they haven't tried stuff. And we'll go into if they haven't tried anything. That's an easy segue in the cost. We're going to get into that in the next video as well. So the core questions here. So I'm going to give you the questions you'll probably ask. I mean, you're not going to ask all of these, but these are the questions you start off with. And if they've tried things and they haven't worked, we're going to go deeper with these types of questions. So the first question, and by this time, you can probably tell I love this question. But how long have you been trying to fix x, y, z? How long have you been struggling with x? Just how long has this been going on? This is a pain question, not a solution question. But I'm putting it here because it's a good setup. Now, oh man, this has been going on for two years. What have you tried in the past to fix this, if anything? This is going to see what they've tried in the past, if they've tried anything. This is kind of also like a shopping question, because we talked about one of the outcomes is to see if they're shopping. Before finding us, have you been out there looking for anything else that would give you what you're wanting here? Aside from speaking with me, have you been out there looking for similar products that would solve problems? So for instance, aside from speaking with me, have you been out there looking for other sales coaches that would help you bring on a few more sales reps as well as train them? So you just kind of insert similar product, which let's say it's coaching, solve problem, which in this case is bring on a few more sales reps and train them. When it comes to getting help, what exactly do you feel like you need at this point? How do you know when you have found something that's a fit? This question, depending on your prospect, it might raise a little bit of resistance. So just be smart here. But it's a good question if you can get it, this how do you know when, because it elicits what's called their convincer strategy, which is something taught in NLP. And we'll probably go into a training on this in an advanced module of the program. But don't worry about it too much right now. But when it comes to getting help, what exactly do you feel like you need? Because you'd be surprised. Some people are going to be like, man, you know what? What I really, really need, I've been through so many different coaching programs, I just need one-on-one. I just need just somebody to hold my hand through all of this. So knowing that to be true, then how do you think you're going to emphasize your solution a little bit differently? You're going to say that on the front end so it doesn't become this objection. Have you ever done similar product before? Have you ever had a coach before? So again, we want to isolate, have they tried anything to fix the problem, but also have they tried anything that's similar to what we offer? Because I used to sell to realtors way back in the day. And for instance, a lot of them have been through coaching programs, and they hate the coaching programs. And it's just because a lot of the general ones that they do are really, really bad. So I would also ask about this. Some would be like, oh, man, I love coaching. That's great. Or others would have terrible experiences. I can dive into that. And then I'd say to them that our service is done with you and not coaching, because coaching kind of was a bad trigger term for them. Let me know if that makes sense. Now, if they've done stuff in the past, we want to go a little bit deeper. So as always here, you're not going to ask every single one of these questions. But here's some stuff you can ask. These are arrows in your quiver, and you can use them as needed. So usually, you just kind of open up across the board. If they've tried something in the past, let's say they tried a coaching program to fix their lead generation. OK, well, what was your experience with that program? And then a great thing to do here is use the two truths, which I believe is right here. Awesome, well, what did you like about that program that you tried? What else did you like about it? What would you have changed about that program if you could? Why would you have changed that? Oh, why is that important to you now, though? Is there anything else you would change? So we can start to ask that as we figure out what their experience was. It's a good way to kind of create duality of, OK, these are the things they did like, which we can position our program around. And these are the things that they hated, they didn't like, they didn't get, which we can make sure our program includes those things, of course, if it can. We're just emphasizing stuff here. I love this question. What was the difference between what was promised and what actually happened? What was the difference between what was promised to you and what you actually got? This is a great question, because it's like, oh, man, they promised me they would work with me one-on-one, they promised me to do this, and then at the end of the day, I kind of got thrown in and it was just a course. OK, great. How did that make you feel? And then we can go deeper into, again, you can even use the two truths again, but go deeper into what they feel like they got that they needed versus what it lacked, so we can position our product. If you could go back in time, what do you wish you would have asked that salesperson? Or what do you wish you would ask that coach before hopping into that program? It's a great question, because they're going to tell you their objections on the front end. How was the result supposed to be delivered? AKA, was this like a course where they gave you a bunch of videos and modules and told you good luck? Was it a done with you, whereas a little bit of a blend of that? Was it done for you, like they were doing it for you? How exactly did it work? And that's because, especially about a year or two ago, a lot of people were only getting courses. So knowing that and kind of establishing that on the front end, you could start your pitch off like, let me tell you what this is not. What this is not is a course where we just give you a bunch of videos and modules and just give that all to you and tell you good luck. And then we kind of position it differently, knowing that. So knowing the delivery, especially in the coaching world, is really important. Because sometimes, maybe it is a one-on-one, but it's like all they did is they got one one-on-one call a week, each week, and for 10 calls. Well then, maybe some done for you and done with you elements and also the community of your Facebook group and the actual course and the resources, those are things you can emphasize, because that's what's going to make this different, and it's what they didn't get in the past. Let me know if that makes sense. Especially with people who are very victim, did other clients get results in that program? Oh, yeah, some other clients did. OK, well, obviously, the real question is, why don't you think you did, though? What do you think was missing for you specifically? Now, what I usually do is I'll ask a few probing questions, but this bad boy is what gets you the clarity. It's so, so good. So I almost use this every time, especially if they've tried something very similar to what I'm going to offer down the road. OK, so what we found to be true is anytime you enroll into something and didn't get the result that you were after, it's usually one or three things, if not a combination of those. Either one, the system that was taught was ineffective or it was out of date, like the information that you're giving you, the system that they gave you didn't work. Or what was taught was being good, but you had a difficult time taking that very general information and then actually getting the support to be able to apply that and implement it for your specific situation. Or the coach was good. The students were getting results. You had the support that you needed, but just you didn't show up and do the work. So which one of those three do you think it was? Oh, I think it was definitely the information was good. The system was good. I just didn't get it to support. OK, well, why do you say that? There's these group calls, but then when you get on the group calls, and then there would be like 50 people on the call, and all I wanted was a one-on-one call, but nobody would get on with me one-on-one, blah, blah, blah. So knowing that, then you can position your stuff differently around it. Now, here's some other questions you can ask that basically you're kind of seeing here if they've received the benefits of your program. So a good one is, did you actually get to speak with anybody in that program? Or did you get support in that program? Were you able to work with anybody one-on-one? Or were you just thrown into a Facebook group with really crowded group calls? When you had a question, how quickly did you get a response? This is huge, because people hate having a question, sending it into the abyss of an email inbox or a support inbox, and then hearing back next week. It's like they have a business. They want to know the answer to that question ASAP. So you can put, oh my god, it took us about a week every single time. So if that's a pain point for the last program, you can position your solution differently around that. And by the way, I wrote these all from my offer, for instance, just because it was an easy example. But did they actually listen to and review your sales calls? Oh, OK, well, how many? And the reason I have this one in here is all my competitors, they won't review your calls. So it's like right away, if I just say that, oh, yeah, they didn't review my calls, not even just one, I can use that down the line to position my offer away from that and say things like, look, somebody teaching you a bunch of sales and not even reviewing your calls is like your football coach coaching you over the phone and never watching film or never watching you play. It just simply doesn't work. And they're going to have an aha, and they're going to get that. Was there any resources, training, or material to go through, or is it just one-on-one coaching sessions? So I mentioned this earlier, but it's like if they just had a coach that was, they basically bought 10 sessions, and it was 10 weeks long, having resources and training like a course to actually go through, that can be a differentiator. Same thing with a community. Was there a community of like-minded people to support you through with your growth, or is it just like 10 one-on-one calls that you bought? And here's one I could use. This is a benefit of my program is to teach you how to do follow-up, essentially. So did they teach you any follow-up or post-call conversion strategies so that you could convert people who didn't close on the first call? Oh, no, they were all about the one-call close. They said follow-up was stupid. Oh, OK. So then I can use that again in my solution. So you can read over these. I don't think it's necessary to go through all of them, but you can read what I did here. And it's just I'm basically asking, did you get this benefit in my program without actually saying that? And that's going to let me know, these are the things I need to emphasize and include in my solution. These are the things not so much. And then you can even ask here, let's say, did you get any one-on-one help? Or were you just thrown into a Facebook group with really crowded group calls? Oh, no, I never got any one-on-one. OK, well, if you did get the one-on-one, do you feel like it would have changed your results? OK, well, why, though? How do you think that would have helped specifically? Oh, yeah, it would have helped me definitely actually get this general information from this course and actually apply it to my specific situation. And then when I was putting the Facebook ads out there, instead of just putting a budget behind it and crossing my fingers and hope it was working, somebody could actually told me, yeah, that's fine. You don't have to change it. So I think you guys get the point. Obviously, I would never ask all of these questions. You're going to probably ask anywhere from two to five total. I would definitely use this bad boy. I mean, I've used this so many times. It's crazy. But it will really get people clarity, too. They'll appreciate you asking this because it really gives them clarity on why what they tried in the past didn't work. So that's it for this video. The next video will be on the cost questions, which is probably the most important training in week three. So I'll see you in that video, guys. Talk soon.