What's up guys, welcome back to the training. And this training is on support questions. Okay, so eliminating the partner and or spouse objection before the close. Reason I call it support is because really at the end of the day, what you're seeing is that the people around them, close to them in their lives, are gonna support them potentially in making this decision to work with you. So let's get into it. This is a pretty easy and straightforward training. However, on most calls, people just don't do this stuff. So it's gonna be really important for you guys. When do we use? For partner, partner's a lot easier than spouse. Okay, for partner, we wanna use during background questions and pretty much like as soon as we, I should put this here, as soon as we hear the words we, that's a red flag. And not necessarily a red flag, like oh my God, this is not a qualified prospect, just look, we're probably gonna have to two call close this person or reschedule or just at least dig in and figure out what the next best thing is to do. So for spouse, a lot of times, it's really gonna, the best time to dig into this is gonna be when it comes up organically in the conversation. So what I mean is that usually in finances, you'll be talking about how much money they were gonna gain. Okay, well, is that your total household income or do you have a partner that helps out or and then you can kind of get into, oh, okay, well, what does your partner do? Is she involved in the business? Then you get into all these questions that I'm about to give you here in a little bit. Also, vision is a good parlay into that. A lot of times, even when you're talking about the pain, you can ask things like, hey, can I ask you a personal question? Like, are you married? Well, what does your spouse think about that? Does she think it's a problem too or what does she think? Right, so we can ask them in the pain section too. But the best time to dig into it is organically when it comes up. So it's not getting us as much in the sales frame. But worst case scenario, like there's sometimes even I have, you know, it's like you get through literally all of this stuff and then you realize you haven't touched on this, okay? So before I transition out, I'll hit spouse and partner really, really quick just to make sure that's not an objection. And then worst case scenario, you know, sometimes when you kind of hit it right out of the blue and it's not based on what's already organically come up in the conversation, it can kind of derail things a little bit. So the reason I do it, you know, really near the end of information gathering is because if it does derail things, I can pivot that right into the solution because that's where they're going to want to go, okay? So at the worst case, you can do this at the end, all right? The purpose of this is pretty self-explanatory. I mean, it's basically eliminating the spouse or partner objection before the close and just seeing, you know, do they have a partner or spouse? Are they supportive? Do they need to be on this call? Is this going to cause resistance at the end, okay? Some key distinctions here. Now, if you probe and there's a gray area, like, you know, they'll say it depends on price, okay? Well, guys, you're selling high ticket. That means, that's basically a yes that they need to be on the call, okay? Some exceptions here, though, is, because you know what, I've sold a lot of offers where, you know, even though they didn't one call close, I knew they were going to close and I two called them and I actually went through the entire process anyway and just they had to let their spouse know and that was okay and then they came back the next day and bought on a follow-up, so it was fine. So you're going to have to develop a little bit of a gut to tell when the appropriate situation for that is. One of the biggest things that, kind of, I thought of is that, like, if the spouse who's not on the call, okay, keyword not, if they're not the alpha of the household, then a lot of times it's not going to make sense for them to even get on the call, okay? Even if the partner's like, hey, you know, yeah, I definitely have to let my spouse know, it's not going to make sense for them to get on the call. Like, let's say, and I'm going to use probably kind of an extreme example, but, you know, let's say you're talking to this guy, and he's doing, you know, 10 grand a month or 15 grand a month, which is, like, good, but at the same time, he's kind of the breadwinner for the household and the spouse is like a librarian, okay? And she's making, you know, $10 an hour. All right, well, you know, in that case, it's not really going to make sense for you to get the librarian on the call, right? It's just not pertinent, okay? At the end of the day, he's the one making decisions in the household, more than likely, and so if he really wants to do something, if he feels like it's the best next step to get them to where they want to go, she's going to follow his lead, okay? What you kind of have to, in a way, I would start to think about this if I was you guys, is, like, when they go back to their spouse, like, based on the information you're going to uncover through the questions I want to give you, if they do have to go back to their spouse, are they going to be able to transfer that conviction onto their spouse, or is their spouse going to shoot it down? So here, let me give you a different example. Let's say, you know, you don't have the head of household on the phone, and, you know, it's a woman who's, you know, let's just flip the script, right? It's a woman who, she's a librarian, but she's overweight, she wants to lose weight, and her husband is the breadwinner, and he's making 20 grand a month, okay? And he doesn't even really think it's that much of a problem, okay? Now, if you let her get off the phone, and then you let her go to try to sell this guy on why she should pay 5K for this, you know, basically, in his mind, random thing she found on the internet, what do you think's going to happen, okay? She ain't going to do it, right? So in that case, we got to get them on the phone, okay? So I would start to think about it like that, just like, you know, think about it in the future, when she leaves, or when he leaves, and they have that conversation, is it's something to where, really, they should be having that conversation with you. Sometimes, if it's the head of household, you know, it's a lot of times, and I'm not saying this because it's, you know, a man or woman thing, but, you know, sometimes, and I've had it be women, but, you know, let's say it's a man, and he's making $20,000 a month, and he's just the breadwinner, he's netting about, you know, seven to 10 after the expenses of the business, and the house, and all that, and it's just kind of a big investment, he just wants to let her know, you don't need to get her on the call, okay? So hopefully that makes sense. It can be a little bit of a gray area there. Now, business partner questions, these are the easiest, all right? So because what's gonna happen here is when they start saying we, all right, well, yeah, I mean, you know, we started back, and, you know, three years ago, and we started because of this reason, I'm already thinking, all right, you know, business partner, who's we, right? And you can ask just that, who's we, right? Or another question you can ask is, how does the leadership structure of your company work? Okay, are you the 100% sole owner? Do you have a partner? Are you guys 50-50? How does that work, right? This is like a background question, which is the beauty of it, right? Because when you frame it like this, how does the leadership structure of your company work? It's just you're trying to get intel. I mean, that's just pertinent info, right? So it doesn't put you in sales frame at all, and that's pretty good. So then they might have a partner. Hey, are you guys 50-50? Are you guys 75-25? Because I've had times where, you know, I've asked this question, and I'm speaking to the 25%, you know, person, majority, and, you know, the 25% holder. Okay, well, obviously he's gonna have to go talk to this other guy, right? So I might see what he has to say, but, you know, I'm going to reschedule to get this other guy's opinion, too, because obviously he holds a majority share, and his opinion is definitely valuable, okay? And what roles do they have? Who is responsible for what? So here's the thing is that, like, let's say you have, because you gotta start to think about this. If, let's say they come on the phone, and their problem is the marketing, right? And you're like, okay, well, you know, how does the leadership structure of your company work? And they're saying, oh, okay, well, you know, basically it's me and Dan, and Dan is in charge of the marketing, and I'm in charge of the fulfillment, and, like, the operations. Dan's in charge of marketing and sales. All right, and earlier you said the biggest challenge in your business right now is the marketing, right? Yeah, okay, well, can I ask you just an honest question? If the biggest challenge in your business right now is the marketing, and Dan's in charge of the marketing, well, why isn't he on this call, right? Does he know about us? Does he know you're on this call? What would he think if he didn't know you're on this call? Does he think that's the biggest problem in your business, or does he have a little bit more of an ego, and he's not willing to accept that? So we can create, like, you know, and that's an obvious, you know, something's going on there, right? And then right then and there, if it's a situation like that, to where the partner responsible for the problem is not on the call, I reschedule immediately. And it just makes perfect sense, okay? Anybody who's really an expert at what they do, they wouldn't do anything different than that. So it's not even sales frame. It's just like, look, I mean, I totally understand that you think this is the biggest challenge in your business and it's really important to you. That's why you're on this call. But at the same time, if we're gonna get the full context of the truth of the problem and what's really going on, then what we must do is get Dan on the call, because if he's responsible for that, he's gonna have insight that's gonna help us both get clarity on ultimately what you guys need and what you guys need to fix to be able to get your business at $30,000 to $40,000 a month within the next nine weeks. Cool? Awesome. So I got my calendar open now. You know, when works for you, et cetera. You go into that whole spiel. So earlier, and I'm just gonna go through these questions. Early on the call, you said the biggest challenge was blank, who's responsible for that, right? I just went through this. It's not the person you're speaking with. You immediately reschedule. So are you guys on the same page? Like, let's say you do have Dan on the call this time and it is lead generation, but he has another partner who's in charge of, you know, fulfillment and operations. Well, I mean, does he think this is the biggest challenge in your business too? Or what does he think? Or what does she think? Because, you know, they might think, oh, no, it's client results. If we just got our clients better results and the marketing would take care of itself, right? Well, now we got two people who aren't on the same page. Reschedule, okay? And that's super simple. You just gotta point that out. Like, look, can I be honest with you guys really quick? Right now, based on what you're telling me, you guys aren't on the same page. And honestly, the biggest threat to your business is you guys not thinking on the same wavelength, okay? Because that's gonna create friction. That's gonna show up in your business in more ways than you know. And eventually, it's gonna erode it and destroy it. So I wanna get you guys both on the call, because even if you don't work with us, if it's not the best thing for you right now, I want you guys to both get clarity on what the problem is and also what the solution needs to be to it so that you guys can make the best decision for your business moving forward, be that us or be that anybody else out there. You know what I mean? Awesome, so I got my calendar open now. Then you go into the reschedule, okay? And then, let's say everything's checking out with these first few questions, okay? Does your partner know you're on this call? Or, well, does your partner know about us? Right, has your partner heard about me and what I do? Does your partner know you're on this call? Okay, well, what do you think your partner would think? Let's say they say no, right? Well, what would your partner think if he or she knew you were on this call? Oh my God, they'd be so pissed that I was looking into another lead generation service for my company and blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay, now we gotta reschedule, right? Or we gotta dig into that and see what's going on. And then, generally, with partner, they're always gonna have to check out with each other anyway. So a good segue into that is, okay, and would your partner be working with us on this project too, or would it just be you? Would Dan be working with us on this project as well, or would it just be you? Oh no, Dan would definitely be involved, awesome. And then you go into the reschedule. I'll show you that in a little bit. Okay, but this is an easy segue, because it's like, if they're gonna be working with you, I mean, I'm gonna be working with two business partners. Well, I wanna be speaking with the partner I'm gonna be working with before I work with them. Right, that's just common sense, right? So it's an easy way to stay out of sales frame, like, oh my God, I'm trying to, you know, avoid the objections type of thing. And then finally, you know, maybe you throw out all these cards, the partner's not gonna be working with you. Then, you know, I would just ask, hey, well, can I ask you an honest question? Let's just pretend this sounds like exactly what you need in your business right now. Do they trust you to make decisions in solving this problem, right? Because sometimes, you know, you'll get business owners who, you know, they might be doing like, and I can think of one right off the top of my head who I know now, when they came, they were doing $300,000 a month, and I went through all of these questions, and, you know, basically, the guy said, like, look, I'm in charge of the marketing, that's where we need help right now. We're 50-50 in the business, but he totally trusts me to make decisions, and, you know, obviously it's 10K, but, you know, if I think it's the best thing for our business, he's gonna be okay with that. Okay, great, so I took him through, took a deposit at the end of the call, he checked out with his partner, just let him know what they were doing, scheduled an appointment in 48 hours, and they enrolled. Okay, so a lot of times, not a lot of times, but sometimes, you know, with 50-50 partners, especially if they're more experienced, it's gonna be okay, but you still wanna ask. So that's partner. Partner is pretty easy, we'll get into the rescheduling language in a second, it's the same for spouse and partner, the one I use the least. Spouse is straightforward, but a little bit different. So again, you kinda wanna let this come up organically in the conversation, okay? So, you know, again, I kinda give you the openings, it might be finances, it might be talking about the pain, it might be talking about the vision, and, you know, this person brings up his or her spouse. Okay, yeah, and what do they think about this? Are they on the same page about you growing your business? Do they, you know, have you shared with them that right now, like, lead generation's the biggest problem in your business and that you really wanna grow it? What do they think? Are they supportive of you trying to fix whatever the challenge is? Do they also know it's a problem, or are you guys on the same page? Are they involved in your business? A question I always like to ask, is I'll be like, oh, okay, is your spouse in digital marketing too? Is your spouse a realtor too? Okay, because when you make that assumption that, let's say I'm selling realtors, is your spouse a realtor too? Which a lot of times they are, which is funny, but when I make that assumption, they have to correct me, okay? But it sounds a lot better than, oh, okay, well, what does your spouse do? Right, because a lot of times when I'm asking that, the way it's received is, well, why does that matter? Right, oh, you're just trying to see if my spouse is doing something that, you know, is making a bunch of money. Now, I'm not saying that's always gonna be the case, but if you ask it with the right tonality, it probably won't be the case, but sometimes it can be, so you gotta watch out for that. I just like to make assumptions. Oh, okay, you know, is your spouse in this like crazy wild, wild west, you know, friggin' internet marketing space too, or what does she do? Right, so I like to do it that way, and oh, no, you know, she's an engineer, she's not even, she doesn't even understand any of this world, I actually never even talked to her about it, okay? I just got a lot of good information there, because chances are she's not gonna be, needed to be on this call, okay? Does, do they, or does he or she know about us, the company, does he or she know about me? Does he or she know you're on this call? What would she think if she knew you were on this call? Let's just pretend for a second you would move forward with something like this. Would you need her permission, or their permission, to move forward, or is this something that's pretty much your decision to make, because it's your business, it's your problem? And if you get a maybe, again, it depends, I gave you the caveats earlier, but if you get the whole, oh, well, you know, it would depend on the price, especially if it's a weight loss offer, and you're like, you know, you're talking to a woman who wants to lose weight, she's not the breadwinner of the household, and, you know, she gives you a, oh, well, you know, it's gonna depend on the price, you reschedule, okay? Now, in terms of how to reschedule, very, very simple, I say the same thing every time, this is the best thing, I've said a lot of things as well, this is the best thing I've found to work, okay? And say, look, so I get that, and I agree, and that's totally fine. The biggest thing for us is alignment, meaning that you two are both clear on the same page about not just what the problem is, but also the solution to it. So what we wanna avoid is a situation where, you know, you come in, you're 110%, this is exactly what you need to do, this is the solution to your problem, the best next step in your business, and you hop in, and your partner is still left feeling so-so, they're anything less than 100%, because what that's gonna do is create friction within the process, which not only isn't good for our client's success rate, but that's gonna sabotage your result, and we don't want that either. So what we're gonna find best is let's reschedule, okay, to where we can get everybody on the call, and we can get everybody clear on what the process is exactly, and then from there, we can see if it's a fit and feel like if this is something you guys wanna move forward with, where it's the best next step for your business. So I got my calendar open now, you know, when works for you, Thursday or Friday this week to all get on a call, okay? So you kinda wanna tailor it to whatever sort of language or context that you're in or they're giving you, but more or less, that is gonna be it. So that is it for the support questions training. Next, we're gonna do the trust questions and also transitioning out of info gathering, okay? There's a few key pointers with those, but fairly, they're simple. We already got through the meat of it. So that's it for this training, guys, and we'll see you in the next training.