What's up guys, Cole here and welcome back to the training and likely the last training in week three. I might have one after this, it kind of brings it all together, but this is pretty much it. This is the last part, finally. So we're going over trust questions, trust questions, and getting a temp check on trust and then transitioning out of the information and gathering phase. So as always, we're going to tab over. This will be a super quick training because this is easy. When do we use these questions? You know, we could use these throughout, right? If it just kind of organically comes up, but typically I'll always use this right before the transition slash the pre-pitch, okay? Now, what's the purpose slash what are we looking for? Really, it's a temperature check for last minute timing questions, okay? And that's not the trust questions, but part of this is going to be a question to temperature check, like any last minute objections about timing, okay? So excuse me on that. That's not a trust question, it's just a, it's a timing question, but I always just like asking it last because it's sort of a, you'll see what I mean here in a second, but you have a risk of derailing the call. So with stuff like that, you kind of want to do it last just in case if you do, you're right near your solution and you can go right into that. Also, in terms of purpose, what we're looking for, we want to know how much they know about what we do in our company. And that's going to help us on limited uncertainty-based objections, like I need to do more research on you guys. I just found that about you guys. This is a lot of money to just give somebody over the internet. This sounds good, but I don't know you, et cetera, right? The key distinctions of this is, and this isn't necessarily, you know, required, okay? But I'm just telling you what I would do if I was you, okay? And this is what I am going to do come January, is one, you should have a solo page with all your case studies on it, like one page with all the Facebook screenshots, all of the video testimonials, maybe a little kind of debriefer information about your program, a video from you about what the purpose of the page is, you know, all almost the big programs out there that are doing coaching consulting, they have a page like this, okay? There's a reason for it. You should also have a Facebook group, okay? Because it's just such a, I've never found a better way. It works way better than email list. I just haven't found a better way in which you can really get people indoctrinated into what you do and your content and, you know, your client results and all this stuff. So fast. Okay, it's perfect. And then this should not take a long time, okay? Because I can already kind of hear the questions coming with this stuff. It's like, man, you gave us nine parts and all these like a million different questions. Like, you know, and you're also telling me to get my call times from an hour and a half down to 45 minutes. So like, how do I, you know, do all of this stuff? Well, first of all, you're only asking enough questions to elicit each of the outcomes that we need from each of these parts, right? Which this is technically one part and then each of these, okay? Which in a lot of cases could be one question, it could be three questions or sometimes they just go there naturally and you might need to just confirm, clarify and verify what they said and then you check it off the list, right? You didn't have to go into it at all. All right, so it really doesn't take that much time. I'm just giving you guys a lot of ammo. It's like a lot of arrows on your quiver that you can use to elicit the responses you need from each of these parts, okay? Now, this one especially, don't get like super carried away here and make it its own 10 minute thing. Like, this is like, I almost call it a temperature check. It's just super fast, okay? And then there's a bonus here. You'll see what I mean if you've seeded case studies earlier on. So we'll get into that in a second. Now, here is, this is not a trust question technically but I just threw it in here because this is where I ask it. And it's a question about kind of temperature checking the timing, okay? So this will help us eliminate uncertainty objections before the close. Like especially something like, oh man, well, I'm remodeling my house now so my finances are all tied up and I got to do it in three weeks. But this sounds amazing, I definitely want to do it type of thing, okay? This will help us temp for stuff like that before we get into our pitch. And it goes like this. Let's pretend for a moment that you were to go ahead with something like this. Let's pretend for a moment that you were to go ahead with something that would fix your lead generation. When do you think you'd have the bandwidth to be able to implement something like this so that you can fix it and get to your goal, right? And if they ask, okay, well, what do you mean bandwidth? Like how much time would you need? I mean, do you think you'd have about 10 hours a week to dedicate to solving this? Or whatever your program is, maybe it's five hours a week, maybe it's 25, I don't know. Right, so let me do that again because I kind of butchered that. Let's pretend for a moment you were to go ahead with something like this, something that would fix your lead generation, okay? When do you think you'd have the bandwidth to be able to implement this so that you can fix it and be able to get to $30,000 a month? And, you know, again, if they ask, would you have about 10 hours a week to dedicate to solving this? So why do we ask this where we ask it? It's because sometimes, you know, some people will be like, you know, you'll ask, let's pretend for a moment you were to go ahead with something that would fix your lead generation, okay? When would you have the bandwidth to implement something like that? You know, they might say, oh no, I'm doing this now, right? A lot of people, after you've gone through all of this stuff, they're gonna say, oh no, this is something like I, you know, this is the top priority of my business. I'm already trying to fix it. So, I mean, right now, basically, okay? So a lot of people will just give you that. Now, other people, especially like if you're familiar with the disk scale, like SCs, they'll be like, well, I mean, I can't answer that question without knowing exactly how long this is gonna take and I haven't heard anything about your program, so. Right, so the reason that we wanna ask this last is because it will, you know, it will kind of elicit some of those questions about your program sometimes, and then that way, we're already so close to pitching our program that we're not gonna risk derailing the conversation, okay? But the way you would respond to that is, yeah, man, we'll definitely talk about the program, we'll talk about the process, but just in general, like, would you have about 10 hours a week to dedicate to solving this? Okay, either they do or they don't, right? And this, right away, will eliminate them saying, oh, well, I just don't have time to implement all this stuff at the end, okay? So go through this, you can kind of revamp the language really quick, but what I want to point out is let's pretend for a moment you were to go ahead with something like this, okay? Or let's pretend for a moment you were to go ahead with something that would fix your lead generation. The let's pretend for a moment you were to go ahead with is really good, because it's conditional language, it'll remove a lot of the sales resistance. Also, when do you think you'd have the bandwidth to be able to implement a system that would fix your lead generation so that you can get to $30,000 a month, right? When do you think you have the bandwidth? We're not asking, like, when do you want to do it, it's just like, when would you even have the bandwidth? Okay, which gets us the same outcome, but we're just using language, it's not going to trigger as much resistance, because what you don't want to do is like, well, if I could show you how to get to, you know, $50,000 a month in your business in the next eight weeks, when would you be looking to start, right? You don't want to do that, because it's just, that is the classic, you know, trial closed, people know what's happening, it's going to trigger sales resistance, and it's a lot of times going to derail the call and derail trust, which sucks, because if you do this right, all of this stuff, you're going to build so much trust, and then you do something like that right before you transition out, and you just derail all of it, and you eliminate it. So, ask this first, and then say, awesome, man. So, that sounds great. Now, I'm just curious, like, what do you know about us? Right, this is a trust question. How long have you been following us for? You know, let's say you sell for, I'm trying to think of one of your guys's, you know, let's just, I'm going to just make up somebody. Let's say you sell for Dan and Rob. How long have you been selling for Dan and Rob for? Have you been in our Facebook group yet? Have you been in the seven figure selling secrets group yet? Awesome, man, what'd you think about it? Did anything stick out to you specifically? What did you like? Was there anything you didn't like? Anything that kind of struck a nerve? Right, you can kind of just get into, like, the Facebook group, oh, yeah, man, I saw this testimonial, so-and-so, they said that this happened, and then it changed your life, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? That's good, so, like, they're, you know they're kind of indoctrinated in the content. Another one, have you seen our success page? So, again, you should all have a page that basically has all your case studies and testimonials on it, videos and screenshots, and just whatever else. If they haven't seen it, if they have seen it, then that's a great sign, okay? If they haven't seen it, have them pull it up, right? Because you're just talking about it, and it's not going to come off as weird or like, oh, okay, well, now I want you to pull up our case study page as I pitch you our program. It's not going to come up like that. It's just, oh, yeah, man, pull it up, it's pretty cool. And then what I would do, and this is what I used to do all the time, is I'd point out somebody I mentioned earlier on the call, okay? So what I would do is I'd say, you know, man, that guy was telling you about Ryan, who, he was kind of in the same spot as you. He was doing weight loss for moms, and he was really good at what he did. He just could not get past this five-lead-a-month barrier. Well, yeah, if you scored on 2 3rds of the way from that page, that's actually Ryan right there. And they're like, oh, no way. And it's like, yeah, man, he came in, like I said, he was in the same exact spot as you, but for him, he was somebody who was determined. He wasn't gonna quit. He was an action taker. He would stop at nothing to achieve his goal, and he came in and implemented some of the stuff I'm gonna tell you about in a little bit, and he got to $40,000 a month in 30 days, right? He came in and he implemented a system that allowed him to finally get predictability with the people he was getting on the phone, and not just predictability with tire kickers, predictability with actual people who are wealthy and have money and who can make decisions. And that one thing, once he got it in place, $30,000 to $40,000 a month consistently, and now he's actually at 70 to 80. He's about to break that 100 mark, right? So I just thought you'd think that was interesting because I know I mentioned earlier that he was kind of like you, okay? So, and that's just an example of how I would do a story or a case study like that. I don't do these, like, long, long, drawn-out stories about the person, but what I've found to really work best is when people are giving you their pain, okay, or maybe some things they've tried in the past or, like, their cost, relate to them some stuff about clients who felt the same way. But do it in a way where you're not gonna share any of the results with the prospect, okay? So the client might say, or the prospect might say, ha, yeah, man, I mean, what's not working in my business? Like, everything's not working in my business, ha ha. And then they laugh. And it's like, man, I don't know how to get leads. I don't really know how to clearly communicate what I do. And it's just a rollercoaster. Like, you know, sometimes I have really good months and I think, oh, man, I finally broke through, and then the next month I'm crashing down, and it's just awful. And then you might say something like, oh, yeah, man, like, I know this client named, or not I know, but one of our clients now, his name's Ryan, actually, does the same exact thing that you do, weight loss. And he said the same thing. Like, the thing that just wore him down was those constant ups and downs, those constant, you know, feeling like you're on the rollercoaster and you don't know how to get off. So when you say that, I know exactly what you mean, because it reminded me of him a lot. But anyway, you were saying, you know, and then you go into your next question. Okay, so you notice what I did there is I didn't start to tell about Ryan's results. Okay, and that wasn't even that good of a seed there, right? It has to just be more natural. It's kind of hard to role play with yourself, but that wasn't a great seed, but you just see the person, right? And it's like, oh, yeah, that kind of reminds me of him. You're kind of like him. Right, or that kind of reminds me of her. You're kind of like her, right? But you only relate to them, you only relate the case study's pain to the prospect's pain. You're not going to tell anything about the case study's results until you get to this point. And what you're going to do is you're going to write down, like, Ryan on your piece of paper, and then you know when you get to this point, you can pull him up and you can point out, oh, yeah, man, that's Ryan. Like, I know I told you about him earlier. You're kind of like him, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it's going to make the case study feel a lot more real. Okay, and it's going to build trust. All right, but this is the best way to do it by far. Because if you just kind of throw a case study story at them, just randomly, they know what you're doing. They're going to be like, okay, this guy's just throwing a testimonial at me. Oh, you know, and give you a little clap and send you on your way. When you see it earlier, it makes it real. I know I spent a long, I probably spent five minutes drilling this point home, so we'll move on. But let me know if you have questions on that, because in terms of using case studies and building trust, this little thing here is a game changer, okay, with the seeding the stories. And then you transition out of that, and you basically say, okay, and I got some feedback for you, but before we get into that, anything else we haven't covered about your business, your goals, I mean, even your personal life, anything else that we haven't covered that you feel like I need to know? Awesome, well, based on what you shared with me, and then you go into your transition, which you guys already know. So that's it for this training, guys. Let me know if you have questions about the case studies and the stories. I know the seeding thing that I talked about, I have never heard anybody else talk about that. I don't think it's like a profound concept or anything, but it's just a very nuanced little difference you can make in your calls that makes a huge difference in terms of trust. So I'd recommend you do it. But other than that, that's it for this training. That's it for the meat and potatoes of week three. Let me know if you have questions, and then I'll see you guys in the next week or the next training.