What's up, guys? Cole here, and welcome back to the training. This training is on vision and desire. So really simply, getting clear on what the prospect wants and how that's going to impact them. We're going to get more, even more clear on that in a second. So if you go back over to the information gathering sheet, possibly the most important document in the entire program, we're going to go up to vision and desire. So so far, we've covered all of this. And as we get into vision and desire, I mean, when can we use this? The answer is, really, any time. But in my experience, it's going to work best after we've gotten to pain, doubt, cost. And really, pain, doubt, cost, obviously, finances and resources, because a lot of times that's associated with the pain, and also solution. Solution can act as a really good transition in the vision. As well as your need and payoff questions can. So if you go back up to here, technically these questions, here they are. Need payoff questions. These can also be solution questions. The reason I put them up here in terms of widening the gap is because when you're going to use these, oftentimes it's when you're going into these types of questions, or you're chunking down, or any of that stuff we talked about earlier. It sets you up really, really well for a need payoff question. Which sometimes, you might ask one of those, and it's just going to make sense to go deeper based on the response and get into the vision. How would that impact them? In what way? Et cetera, et cetera. So these questions are kind of, I mean, they serve two purposes. They widen the gap, for sure. But they also start to elicit a little bit of desire. So you can either dive right into it then after you ask these, or you can write it down, and then later on the call, say, so early on the call, did I hear you say that, and then whatever they said. Did I hear you say that if you're able to fix your lead generation, that ultimately you'll be able to send your kids to private school? And that was something that was really important to you? Well, tell me more about that. And then you can go into that. So earlier on the call, did I hear you say that x, whatever you took notes on, is a good way to bring that back up? And then tell me more about that. And then now we're into it, if that makes sense. So these questions, again, you can really use them any time. I like to kind of do vision last, so we end the information gathering phase on an excited note. And then also, dPayoff is a good gateway into this as well. Just one thing I want to say here as an aside is that some people are very towards metaparadigm, meaning that they just are very towards people. Like, they're always moving towards something opposed to a way. They're more goal-oriented. They want to talk about what they want. So sometimes on the call, it might be easier to start off in, and this is going to be 5%, maybe 10% tops of people. But it might be easier to really just kind of get clear on the vision first, and then reverse engineer, well, what's keeping them from doing that on their own? Why can't they figure that out? Oh, why is that a problem? How is that affecting them? How is that impacting them? In what way? And then get the doubt, all that stuff, and kind of reverse engineer it back. You can do it that way too. I just think going in this syntax is the most ideal if you can do it. So the purpose of this slash what we're looking for, number one is just clarity on what they want with a data point. So I said earlier, your finances and resources, even if, let's say, you're doing a fitness offer, you want to get in that section, you want to get clear on, well, what is their current starting weight? With this, it's the same thing. Well, what is their target weight? I listened to a call the other day where somebody went in, it was a fitness offer, and somebody went into, well, what does your ideal body want to look like? And they described that to them and all that stuff. And that's great. That's a good question. Like, what is your goal body? What does your dream body look like? Describe to me that in detail. I love that question. But you also need to hammer down a data point, like an actual, like, yeah, and it's going to be at 152, or it's going to be at 115 pounds, or whatever it is. We need to pin that down just because it helps us really make the offer down the road a lot more tangible. And it creates duality, so the prospect, they see better of where they're at now versus where they want to be. So we want to get clear on what they want with a data point. Then also, we want to know why, OK? Well, why, you know, at the very, very easiest level is just, why is that important? You know, what would that do for them? How would that make them feel? So there should be kind of some logical reasons why, but most of it's going to be emotional, OK? And to go along with this, I can really put this into this one, is it should be tied to other areas in their life, right? So for instance, a financial goal, like, you know, maybe they want to make $30,000 a month, and they start to talk about, oh, you know, it would do this for the business. It would allow me to do this for the business. And then as you go deeper, you find out, just to go with the other example, you know, he wants to send the kids to private school, take a month off of each year, and also be able to retire his wife, right? So we're going to tie it to these other areas, and that's going to widen the gap, right? We do that with the pain, and we also do that with the desire, OK? We have, you know, let's say it's a financial one. We have the financial-level pain, right? But we also want to tie that to an emotion or another area of their life, maybe their relationships or their time freedom or, you know, things at home with their family, their weight, their health. Same thing with vision. We tie it to another area, OK? Few more key distinctions, and this one's actually really, really big. If their goal's too low, you got to stretch it, OK? So, and part of this has to do with the buying pocket. Part of it has to do with you selling high ticket, because let's say their goal is $5,000 a month. Well, if your program's $10,000, you know, sure, you know, they can pay you $10,000 to learn how to make $60,000 a year, maybe for the rest of their career, right? Still, it's really actually, you know, not a bad investment. But it's just going to be harder for the prospect to do, opposed to if their goal is $50,000 a month, OK? So when we get these really low goals, we'll get into this. There's two different ways we can do it. We can chunk down, or we can use stories to stretch the gap. And the larger the gap is, I mean, you don't want it so big to where they just don't even believe it's possible, right, like the buying pocket. But the larger it is, and the more, you know, associated they are with that at the same time, it's going to make the investment drop a lot easier, and it's going to make it make sense. Again, you must get a data point. And then when you get into these kind of ooey-gooey questions, they might seem a little bit uncomfortable. They're a little bit personal. A good framework you can use, and you'll see this, I'll use it later in this training, is permission, reason why, question, OK? And basically, that is, hey, can I ask you a personal question? OK, and the reason why I'm asking this question is, and then you frame it within moral authority. You frame it in their own best interests, all right? Hey, can I ask you a personal question? Yeah. And look, the reason why I'm asking this question is it's really important for us for you to hit your financial goals, but we don't want you to just become more wealthy and more profitable and more lucrative as a business. We want you to become a better person as well. So what are the personal goals, kind of the non-monetary goals that you want your business to allow you to achieve, if that makes sense? So you'll see I use that question later on in the training. But permission, reason why, question, you can use it for. It's a great framework for these difficult cost questions. If you're getting difficult in the finances, I use it in those areas all the time. And it'll increase your compliance with these questions like you've never even seen. So they're really, really, really good. Now, to get into the questions, here's questions to get the data points slash what they want. These ones are super duper simple, almost common sense. First of all, all of those need payoff questions I showed you earlier, all of those will actually work here. Somebody might be like, I'm really, really struggling generating leads right now. Basically, I'm getting one or two referrals a month. And then we dig into all that pain. And it's like, well, ultimately, if you were able to get, let's say, three to five of those same quality leads every single day, predictably week after week, month after month, well, what would that do for you? And then he starts to say, oh, man, well, if I was able to get three to five leads a day, I'd be doing $100,000 a month. Oh, man, so is that your goal, or what really is your goal? Is $100,000 a month where you want to go? And then we start to get clear on this, so you can see how it segues. So all of those questions will work here. I really like this question. It's very broad, so if you have a rambler on the phone, just kind of beware. But this one's really, really good, because it'll actually bypass this people just wanting this at low, shallow, small goals, and it'll actually get the big thing. Ultimately, what's the goal? I use that question all the time. A more specific one, because you might use this, and they might say, ultimately, the goal is to have this brand, and we're doing $10 million a month, and I'm speaking on stage, and I'm having events like Grant Cardone, and they're at like $2,000 a month. So it's, OK, well, that's amazing, and that's great. We kind of want to explore that a little bit, because we can hold them accountable to the person that they need to be to be that person at the end of the call. So there's importance there, but then we need to chunk it down a little bit. OK, well, I love that goal. OK, we kind of go into it. So what's your target goal over the next 90 days? You're at five grand a month now. Over the next 90 days, where do you want to be exactly? And we can do that with weight. How many dates do you want to be on? Let's say we were together, and it's 90 days from now. How many dates do you think you need to be going on a week to be like, yeah, that was a great decision, and this program was absolutely successful? So we want to pin down a clear target with numbers here. You can also say, what does your ideal business look like to you? I think a better one with this would be, what does your ideal relationship look like? Your dream body, your dream physique, describe that to me in detail. So we can use questions like that. Here's another good one, is when you think about a business that no longer has pain, but instead has whatever they want, what number sticks out to you that you'd be pulling in net each month consistently and predictably? So when you think about a business that instead of a trickle lead flow, you're getting about three to five consistent appointments every single day, week after week. Once you get to that point, what number would you like to see your business pulling in net each month, month after month? What number would have you really excited? So I like this, because it's kind of future pacing them into the solution of it. So suppose we invite you and we show you how to fix X without Y. Suppose we invite you in and we show you how to fix the lead generation problems that you have in your business without increasing ad spend at all. Once your business gets to that point, and you're getting about five qualified appointments a day, I mean, where would you like to be in terms of revenues with lead generation like that? What's the goal? So suppose we invite you in, and we show you how to fix X without Y. So there's some future pacing language here. Sometimes I use this. It just kind of flows well in the conversation. Sometimes I might just go, ultimately, what's the goal? Okay, well, what's the target? What are we after here? This part is very, I mean, all we really need is the data point and kind of overall what the outcome, what they want is. Very, very simple. Here's where a lot of our salesmanship is gonna come in, okay? So after that, typically I'll follow up with just, can I ask you a personal question? You know, getting to whatever they said they wanted, why is that important to you? Or why is that important to you personally, okay? So the reason that language does, it's nuanced, but it makes a difference, is can I ask you a personal question, right? Getting to outcome, whatever they want it to. Getting to 115 pounds, right? So you can fit in the size two. Why is that important to you personally, right? When we add in those personalities, we're actually gonna get more of an emotional response. And what I have found is when you get permission before asking that question, you just get a way better response. It's just, it's so much better. And so you might get, and again, here's the other thing, this is why I bolded it, it's so important, is you might kind of get the reason that sounds good first, right? Like you might get the reason that people are telling their friends that they wanna do it, but when you ask, okay, well, that makes sense. And getting to 115 pounds so you can get into a size two, I'm curious, but is there any other reason that that is important to you personally, right? Then it's like, oh, it's something about what her husband said or whatever it is, right? You go one level deeper here and then you get the real reason, okay? So 90% of the time, guys, this'll probably, these two questions here, probably gonna be enough, okay? Another great one is, well, why not stay where you are now, though, okay? And then a lot of these questions are variations off kind of what we just already went over. Why that number? What is that, getting there, what would that change for you exactly? What would that do for you exactly? Getting to 30 grand a month, ultimately, what would that do for you personally, right? And all of these questions would be good if you pre-frame it by permission, okay? Getting to 50 grand a month, would that have an impact on you? Oh, yeah, that definitely would have an impact on me. In what way, though, right? So we wanna do that as well. Let's pretend you get to 50 grand a month. How would that impact you? Or how would that impact the company, right? So sometimes with, maybe it's a little bit of a bigger company. First, how would that impact the company? And we kinda get into that. And then, hey, can I ask you a personal question? But I get it would have this and that impact on the company, but why is that important to you personally, though? Right, and then we kinda get into the whole personal side. So a lot of times I'll do that. I'll first explore what it does for the company, and then what it does for them. And then, what would getting to blank mean to you personally, okay? Would that affect any other areas of your life? Right, again, that's a good one to pre-frame with permission. Can I ask you a personal question? Would that affect what getting to 30 grand a month and being able to have consistency with that so you're not on the rollercoaster anymore, I mean, would that affect any other areas of your life? You getting to blank, how do you see life differently than it is now? How would that make you feel, right? So obviously it's a contextual question here, but you wanna say how would getting to 30 grand a month make you feel, right? Even though you could ask that, it's not that bad. But you wanna say something along the lines of, like, maybe they respond to, oh man, if I could get there, I could finally fit into that size, too. Oh man, okay, well, how would that make you feel, though? Right, so you can ask something like that. What would, these are some ninja ones, okay, but what would your spouse slash family think of you if you got to the goal, right? I mean, what would your wife think if you started bringing home $30,000 a month each month instead of five? You know, I know this is a personal question, but, you know, how do you want your family to think of you in general? What type of legacy do you want them to leave behind for your family? Have you thought about the type of legacy you wanna leave behind for your family? How do you want the people who you've impacted to think about you when you're gone, right? So these are similar to, like, the death questions that we asked, here we go, up here. What do you want people to say at your funeral? What this does is it really gets people associated with, like, not just their why, but also the person they wanna be and their purpose, okay? And if you remember, in the very, very first video, in, like, video one, okay, we were talking about how, well, purpose is the highest driver of behavior, and then identity is the second highest driver of behavior, more so than beliefs, more so than values, more so than the environment, all of those things, right? So when we can elicit this, here we are, when we can elicit this, now we can write this stuff down, oh, okay, I want them to think of me as somebody who, like, even though things were tough, I always pushed through and I never got comfortable, right? Well, if that's what they said, that's the person that they want people to think of them as, so that's kind of their master identity, as we would call it. So we can use that, we can write that down, and then have that at the end of the call to hold people accountable for, okay? Well, earlier on the call, you said that you want people to think of you as this, so, I mean, you tell me, is how you're acting now aligned with this person that you want to become? And it just becomes very obvious, but see, when you elicit these types of things, you're probably not even gonna get the objection in the first place, all right? Now, for business-y people, okay? Let's say your offer is a business offer, you sell doctors or something. I love this question, okay? What are your non-monetary goals? And I would frame it with the, by the way, the permission, reason why question, okay? What are your non-monetary goals, your personal goals, that you want your business to allow you to achieve? And the reason I'm asking is, I don't wanna just help you build a business that's lucrative, that's profitable, that's building you wealth, but also one that's not making you miserable, or despite all the money, it's making you question why you got into the business in the first place. So, you know, what are some of the things that are really important to you about this personally, okay? You frame it like that, you're gonna get them every single time, okay? Now, earlier, I mentioned, you know, one of the things you wanna watch out for is if they set a really, really small goal. Like, you know, if you got like a 5K, 10K weight loss program for instance, and they wanna lose five pounds, all right? Well, we gotta stretch that bad boy. But usually, the people who are gonna run into this the most are business ROI offers, and it's people who, you know, their goal is five grand a month, all right? Their goal is 10 grand a month, okay? So what do we do here? We wanna expand their vision, and a lot of times, we just wanna realize that, you know, people talk about these like smart goals and all these different things. People who say five grand a month, you know, if they're at zero, it's not that they want five grand a month, they're just trying to sound realistic so they don't sound dumb, okay? So, just give them the benefit of the doubt here at first. It's not a huge red flag. I would just ask something like, if you got to five grand a month, I mean, would you just stop there, or what's next? Oh, no, no, if I got to five grand a month, you know, then it'd be 10, and then it'd be 15, and then 20, and then, you know, the sky's the limit. Okay, then, well, what's the goal ultimately, though? Right, and then, well, ultimately, and then they give you the ultimate goal, right? And you can even say here, well, I wanna be realistic, because you get some people just the way their mind works. Oh, I wanna be realistic, I, you know, I don't wanna get ahead of myself. Totally understand, man, I think that's really smart for you to do, just being realistic aside, because I wanna really understand the long-term vision here. Where would you really like to get this to? And then just make sure you're kind of expanding, and then once you get to, well, I'd really like to get this to 50 grand a month. Okay, well, and I'm curious, can I ask you a personal question about that? What about getting to 50 grand a month is important to you personally, though? Right, and then we're going back into our questions. So we wanna kind of restretch that, and then go back into it. Now, five grand a month, you still wanna kind of ask why that's important, because five grand a month might be enough to be able to quit their job, right? Turn nine to five, and go full-time in their business. Oh, man, if you're able to do that, ultimately, what would that mean for you? What would that mean for you personally? Oh, man, and then they go on about how much they hate their job, and then they could finally spend more time with their kids and their spouse, and et cetera, et cetera, and sometimes that is enough for people to invest 10K, to be able to make that shift. But then we still wanna stretch it a little bit further so they see the long-term vision, okay? So they don't think they're investing, let's say, 10K or 15K to get five grand a month. It's 10K to get 50 grand a month, right? That's how they're gonna think about it. And then we covered this one. So then you could kind of transition, like, use a story here. Sometimes, I mean, you just kind of probe a little bit deeper, and then you find out, yeah, they got bigger goals. They were just trying to not sound dumb, right? That was the biggest fear. I'd say that's 90% of the time. Sometimes, if needed, you can use a case study and say something along the lines of, well, you know, I think we can get there much faster than you think, because, you know, you remember John, who I told you about earlier on the call? Well, he came in in a similar situation as you, but literally, the only difference between you guys is that he was shooting for 100, and you were shooting for five. And in just 90 days, John's, I mean, he's not at 100, but he's already doing 50 grand a month. Does that make sense? So, you know, I don't wanna see you aim lower than what you're truly capable of and what your potential is. So I know it's a bit uncomfortable, but are you open to setting a bigger and a little bit scarier goal for us to work towards together? Okay, well, what do you think that's gonna be? What's the goal that really kind of, you know, it scares you, it makes you nervous, but in your gut, you know it's realistic. Okay, well, 25 grand a month. And then you have something to work with here, right? You got that person to five, then 25, you go back in your questions, okay, 25 grand a month, why do you say that? You getting the 25 grand a month, what would that do for you personally, right? Then you're going into all of that stuff. The second way to do this is to chunk down. And this, I mean, I would resort probably to this one first. That's why I put it first. And then I've used this one and it's really effective too. If you get somebody who's more of like a, you see this a lot with people who, you know, they want the laptop lifestyle, they just wanna travel and, you know, oh, I just need, all I need is five grand a month in an online business. Okay, so you can chunk down to let them see that the non-monetary doesn't line up with the monetary. Okay, so gotcha. So what I'm hearing is your goal is 10 grand a month then. Okay, and is that gross or is that net? Okay, that's gross. So let's account 30% for expenses, which is low, right? But we'll just play it safe. 30%, that's gonna take us down to seven grand a month. Now, if you wanna be successful in business over the long term, then you're gonna wanna leave about 30% of cash in the business. That's gonna take us down to another four, four and a half grand a month, okay? And then there's taxes and you're in taxifornia, so that's about 40%. So that brings us down to two and a half grand a month. Now, earlier on the call, you mentioned you wanna get a mortgage, you wanna hire your wife, you wanna be able to travel, send the kids to private school. You know, let me ask you just an honest question, okay? Do you think two and a half grand a month is enough to do that? No. Yeah, me neither. So let's get you a bigger goal. What number can you shoot for here that you think is scary, but still believe is doable? Okay, so this one's really, really good for financial ROI offers. You know, and I'm sure there's a way you can frame this for if you do relationships, if you do nutrition-based or weight loss, or any of that stuff. I'm sure you can chunk down to kind of make it seem unrealistic, and then you reframe them, or not unrealistic, but ridiculous, and then you reframe them. But the one more often than not you can use, even if you have to go into this, is this one here, okay? And just be smart here. Like, you know, people are giving you, if you have a financial ROI offer, and it's five to 10K, in my experience, 20 grand a month's enough, 25 grand a month's enough. You don't need to, you know, go crazy with this and expand it. But this is for when you get people who are giving you, you know, goals that are almost dumb, right? I wanna lose three pounds. I wanna lose five pounds. I wanna get to five grand a month, right? You wanna expand a little bit. So that's it for this training, guys. Let me know if you have questions, and I'll see you in the next training.