Sales Training 101 - Closer Crash Course


What We’re Going To Cover:
* Overview of where we’re at in the sales process
* Overview of our sales call script
* Breakdown of each part 
   * Introduction
   * Information Gathering
   * Transition
   * Pitch
   * Committing Phase
   * Objections
* FYI - This is the only video in the course that goes through the entire sales call flow in ONE video. So it will be good to revisit this to understand how everything fits together. 








Sales Process - Overview (GS-Syntax)
Overview Of Sales Process
Overview Of Call Script/Flow
Sales Process w/ Syntax Adjustment 


Call Introduction


Rapport


Hey is this NAME? 


Hey - It’s Cole - What’s up? 


Awesome - I was actually just ____ 


Been having a good week so far? 


Great well - I know we got a limited amount of time here so you ready to jump in? Got a clean sheet of paper, something to takes notes with? 
----- 
(if skeptical - is Now still a good time to connect?) 


Frame 


Gotcha - so what I’ve found to work best on these calls is first diving deeper into the specific of your business and sales process, how that’s working right now, and ultimately what you feel are the specific challenges keeping you from moving forward. 


Now once we get some clarity there - if we can help then I’m more than happy to walk you through that or wherever you wanna go and if not we can figure out whatever else is best - I might refer you out to someone we know, give you some homework to work on in the meantime, whatever you need. 


Cool? 


That being said… probably our best place to start is tell me what the biggest challenge with your sales is right now… what’s not working at the level it truly could be or that it should? 


(Background Questions If Necessary)


Discovery


Discovery Flow: 
1. Isolate Challenge  
   1. Probe 
2. Desired Situation 
   1. “Ultimate Goal” 
   2. Monetary
      1. Why that number? 
      2. Financial qualifier (if pertinent) 
   3. Long-term Vision
   4. Non-Monetary 
3. Current Situation
   1. Uncover Reason For Change
   2. Doubt Questions
   3. Solution Questions
   4. Cost / Why Now Questions 
   5. Support Questions 


Questions // Scripting Breakdown:


Isolate the challenge:


What’s the biggest challenge right now? Or what’s not working at the level it truly could be or that it should? 


<<probe: “tell me more” “when you say ____, what do you mean, exactly?” >>


Desired Situation:


* Gotcha, well what might make more sense is to begin with the end in mind here… so ultimately, what’s the goal? 
   * Probing questions (Tell me more, why is that important, etc) 
* And what’s your monetary goal? 
   * You seemed like you’ve thought of that number before… can I ask, why that number? 
* (Financial Qualifier) And how much money would you have to have just to REPLACE the amount of income that you’re making full time? 
   * Is that ultimately the goal? To transition out of that? 
   * Is replacing enough to allow you to leave? Or how much would you have to be bringing in to be able to walk in the door in put in those 2wks? 
      * (COVID-19) - Has that been impacted by COVID? In what way? 
         * Given the drop in income.. Has that put you in a tough position financially? In what way? 
* And overall, what’s your long-term vision for ____? 
   * Probing questions (again) 
* Now, can I ask a personal question? And the reason why I’m asking is because my goal isn’t only to build you a business that’s building you wealth - but also one that’s empowering you to live whatever lifestyle that you want to live. So when you - think about - what that is for you… what comes up? What are the non-monetary goals - the personal goals - that you want your business to allow you to achieve? 


Current Situation: 


* Now, what’d you do now for work full time? 
   * Do you like it? (This presents us two options)
      * They don’t like it (and then you use probing questions to dig into the pain 
         * “what’s the worst part about that?” “Take me back to the day where you said… “enough is enough” what happened?”)
         * How long have you been doing it? And how long have you been thinking about starting this business? 
            * Can I ask you a personal question? After all that time… what was the final straw? Like what made you draw the line in the sand and say - you know what - this has got to become a priority now, though? 
      * They do like it… and then you say:
         * What’d you like about it? 
         * And how long have you been doing that for? And how long have you thought about starting this? 
         * Wow… well can I ask you a personal question? After doing that for 5 years… and it all going fairly well for you… I mean… why all the sudden do you want to stop doing that and start this business? Like… what happened.. To make this a priority for you now, though? 
   * (Doubt) What’d you think has been the biggest thing in getting this started by yourself? What’s in the way? 
   * (Solution Questions) 
      * Have you reached out to anyone else to get help with this in the past? 
      * Are you working with anyone now?
      * Have you been out there considering other coaches to possibly work with?
      * Have you done coaching before? 
   * (Support Questions) Are you married?
      * What’d you wife think about this transition? Is she supportive? 
      * Does she know you are on this call?
      * What would she think if she did? 


Transition:


Review of where we’re at in the sales process


“Look I don’t feel like I have anymore questions… Is there anything else that you feel like we haven’t covered that I need to know?” 


Well John - based on what you told me previously, we can DEFINITELY help...


<< Insert thoughts (optional) >> 


That said, Where do you think we should go from here? I can walk you through the entire process A-Z of how we would help you get to [OUTCOME] if you would like? But you tell me where you wanna go.


-------


Thoughts can be: 
* A case study story
* A personal story
* Some basic, valuable insight on the “what” not the “how”


Pitch:


High Level Promise: 


Gotcha - so do you still have that pen & pad? 


Great, on your pen and paper - write out 1—>4 with a good bit of space in between them to take notes on each. 1, 2, 3, 4


[wait for them to acknowledge they’ve done this]


Ok - let me preface this by saying that everything I do is all customized on what’s best for the client. For you, specifically, it’s gonna be 4 things. 4 steps for you to go from zero control on your sales calls to closing at least 30% or more of the people you speak with in about 8 weeks. 


Cool? 


The Bridge: 


Ok… so when you come in, the very first thing we’re going to do is build out what I call your…


Pitch Codex:


So the first thing we’re going to do is get clear on your offer and how it’s explained over the phone... 


And we’re going to do it in a way in which it’ll feel in a way that’s compelling, that’s new, and very different to what the prospect has heard before. 


Which will not only allow you to separate yourself from the competition, but also because of the positioning likely increase your pricing which means less work to get to your goal and more time in the evenings with your family. 


Does that make sense? 


Awesome - what questions do you have on that? 


Cool, so once you’re pitch is dialed in, the next thing we’ll focus on is 


Sales Process Redesign


So you know how earlier on the call you mentioned that you’re dealing with a bunch of objections at the end of the calls and it’s making you feel like you have to be super “high-pressure” to close prospects who are otherwise your perfect client? 


So in this stage what we do is redesign your sales process by implementing what I call the “reverse selling system”. 


The reason I call it “reverse selling” is because it’s a 7 step process that allows you to eliminate objections before the close so it’s kinda like “reverse engineering the sale”. You know what I mean? 


And also - given how long you said your calls were, you’ll probably be able to cut that in half once you really get this down. So instead of spending that time exhausted on calls you can have more time to actually build your brand and work on your business. Make sense? 


Questions? Thoughts? Or you ready to move on? 


Cool, so the next step is 


Pipeline & Follow-Up Systems


So the first two alone can get you to at least a 30% closing ratio. But even if you’re doing 30%, that means 70% of the people you speak with - for one reason or another - don’t buy, right? 


So this is where you’ll learn how to use a combination of messenger outreach, content marketing, and what I call “re-offers” to be able to get people who didn’t buy originally back on the phone to re-sell them. 


Does that make sense? 


And the reason this is so important, is that when I was selling full time for instance, i would average about 350k/m for the company and 50% of that was through pipeline and follow up. 


Literally half of my sales. So over a year that’s well over 2 million just from just follow up alone, which doesn’t cost any additional ad spend, by the way. 


So this is something I’d like to see you doing sooner rather than later because otherwise we’re just leaving easy money on the table. 


Know what I mean? 


Anything else on that or you wanna move on? 


Ok - so next is 


Sales Team & Scaling


So this is where we’ll begin to think about hiring sales reps so that you don;t have to take all the calls yourself anymore and you can start working on your business, not in the business.


...and once you get to this point, you’re really going to be able to get back your time so and reinvest in things like building your brand, speaking on stage, publishing that book, and so on. Make sense? 


Questions on that? 


Delivery 


In terms of how this is all fulfilled, the in-depth training platform will be something you will have lifetime access to so that you can use it to train all your current sales reps as well as all the ones you hire in the future. 


We will also meet twice a week for a “sales clinic” where we’ll take what’s in the training and make sure it’s applied to your specific situation, offer, and roleplay it to really “cement it in”. 


And on top of that you’ll have 1o1 access to me M-F 9-5 through voxer, so that I can coach you on the spot on the day you have calls. 


Plus, that way if you go into a slump… I can break you out of it within a day opposed to you having to wait 4-7 days til our next clinic. 


Make sense?


What questions do you have on that? Or what questions do you have about the entire process, in totality? 


Committing Phase
Temperature Check


Just curious but in terms of the process specifically… how do you feel? 


(Certain answer + certain tonality = move on)


(Uncertain answer and/or uncertainty tonality = alignment bit)


I hear ya and just to be totally clear… what’s really important to me is ALIGNMENT - when you come in and work with us, we’re rolling up the sleeves and getting in the trenches with you on this thing. I mean our team is ALL IN - so it’s really important to us that you feel GOOD about the process, know what I mean?


So just to be 100% clear.. On like a scale of 1-10, 1 being ___ and 10 being ___, where do you feel like you fall exactly? 


(if 9-10 + certain language/tonality = move on)


(if 8 or below = ask the following: “Gotcha man, and I appreciate you being honest about that… just curious, what exactly do you think is keeping you from say being a 8, 9, or 10?


(Then handle objection /// ask clarifying questions // re-temp “are you sure”) 
 
Transition Language


(if necessary) Gotcha so you feel good, no questions… so what’s next? Where do you feel like you wanna go from here? 


Onboarding


So you’ll process the investment with me… once we take care of that, what we do is set baseline. 


So i’ll give you some homework right away to see where we can get our quickest wins, as well as have you send in your current sales script and pitch as well as a call for me to review for feedback. Most people find that they end up closing at least an additional deal or two a week just from the first call review breakdown. 


Then from there we’re ready to rock and roll. 


Does that sound good? 


Investment 


...and then investment to get you to (high-level outcome) is just XXX


(...and the investment to get you to 20k/m, 240k a year is just 6800). 


[SHUT UP] 


Objections - Pacing The First Objection 


Step 1: Pace & Tie Down #1


No problem. 


For a second, let’s just pretend that money is out of the equation. How do you feel about the process specifically? Do you feel like ultimately, it’s what you need to get to (OUTCOME)? 


Outcomes:
1. Prospect is bought into the process → Step 2 
2. The prospect is not bought into process and is uncertain → Step 2.5 
   1. Listen to their tonality


Step 2 (Prospect Bought In): Tie Down #2


Option 1 (if they haven’t mentioned money / partner): How vs. Should. 


So just to be clear… you’re not in a “SHOULD” I do this place to where you’re going back and forth on if this is the best next step for your business, it sounds like your more in a “HOW” can I do this place to where you’re 100% certain this is the shortest and most effective route to (OUTCOME), it’s just a matter of making it work financially 


Option 2 (if they’ve already mentioned money / partner obj): Isolation


So just to be clear, (OBJECTION) aside, there nothing that’s keeping you from being less than 100% certain that this is what you need to get to (OUTCOME)? 


Outcomes:
1. We get the double tie down on the process and have isolated either money or spouse
2. They bring up that there’s a level of uncertainty


Step 2.5 (Prospect Not Bought In): Scale 1-10


No worries, and I’d like to acknowledge you for being honest with me about that. That’s something I can appreciate. 


Now can I be honest with you for a second? 


You just got telling me that you’re a 9 out of 10 on the process because ____ (insert reason why they told you they were a 10) and now it seems like you’re nowhere near that certain about the process…. So, can you be honest with me? What’s really going on? 




…..this will help you get to the REAL conversation