(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai - Go Unlimited to remove this message)

What up, guys? Cole here, and welcome back to the training. This training is called the committing phase. So basically, this is how to transition from the pitching phase, which we just covered, to the price drop, all right? And then how to do that in a way that creates dialogue and feedback so that ultimately we can eliminate objections and tie down the prospect's certainty on the process.

So this will be a super cool training. Probably be pretty short, but it's one of those ones that this will be like one of the little hinges that swing big doors. It's not complicated, but implementing this will get you a lot more deals.

So let's get into it. What the committing phase is, first, that's what we're going to cover, what it is, as well as the different parts, OK? So there's basically three parts. There's the temperature check, next steps, and the investment.

And then after we're done with all of that, we're going to cover how to properly answer the prospect's questions about your program. So as you go throughout your pillars, which we already covered, and as we go throughout the committing phase, and even in objections, OK, all throughout the entire call, really, your prospect will ask you questions about your program and the offer and how it applies to them because they want to get information and see if this is something that is going to work for them, that they're interested in, OK? So as these come up, we want to handle them a specific way, OK? And it's super simple, but I'll tell you what. Most people, I mean, I would go as far as saying 95% plus of salespeople, even good people, screw this up.

And it loses you so many deals. Just by fixing this alone, you can really just minimize the amount of objections that you're creating on the calls. Otherwise, if you just do this, you wouldn't get the objections in the first place.

So let's get into it. And I always like to do this just to show you where we're at, guys. We just got done with the pitch, right? So your promise, your bridge, your delivery.

Then we're now in the committing phase. And there's three parts, temperature check, next steps, and investment, OK? So again, this is always good to have up so we can see where we are and how that fits into the other parts of the call, all right? So let's get into what is the committing phase and what's the purpose of it. So basically, this is after you state the delivery and before you either enroll the prospect or handle objections.

So it includes what's called the temperature check, the next steps, and the investment drop, all right? And some reasons why we do this, like the key elements to this. And the main one is that it creates feedback and dialogue, OK? So our entire sales process, as you'll learn in week three, is based around what's called Socratic dialogue, OK? Which is basically asking questions in a strategic way to where the prospect not just tells us, but more importantly themselves, why they have a problem, why they can't fix it on their own, why they have to change now, so on and so forth, right? So we're always really doing this. But the way we pitch our offer, the high-level promise, them taking notes, the pillars, and then we tie down and stop and pause after each pillar, ask what their thoughts are on that, if they feel like it might possibly be what they're looking for, OK? We're always pausing to create dialogue, all right? A sales pitch, if you've ever been pitched on the phone and it's overwhelming and awful, it's usually when they just like, they just, it's like the anvil drop, right? The anvil just comes from the sky and smashes you.

That's what a lot of sales pitches are on the phone now. And it's just overwhelming. You're like, oh my god, I just, I can't even listen to this.

I can't even take notes on this. Well, we don't want to do that, OK? We want to create dialogue, all right? Now, what you'll find is when you do that with your pitch, it actually takes a lot of the pressure off you, and it makes it just really non-salesy and natural, and it's way more compelling. So we're always doing this, and we're doing it especially in the committing phase.

The other thing, I already mentioned this, but the main thing, the reason we create dialogue and feedback is so really that we can, in this phase, eliminate the uncertainty-based objections before the price drop, OK? So you'll hear me hammer this when we go over objections, but basically, uncertainty-based objections are the worst objections, OK? Those are the ones we always want to handle first before we go into spouse, financial, partner, anything else, OK? We always handle uncertainty-based objections. That's objections. Uncertainty-based objections are objections and basically the prospect not believing that this is the right thing and now is the right time, OK? So it's harder to handle these.

It's the hardest objections to handle in the first place, OK? But it's even harder to handle them after the price drop. Before the price drop, it is much easier. So we actually want to handle those first here so we get that out of the way before we drop price, OK? Do that and you'll make a lot of sales just from doing that.

The other thing too, and this kind of goes along with dialogue, is the committing phase kind of, because sometimes with your pitch, you have a natural tendency, if you're like me, to go a little fast sometimes, OK? And it's a little bit over, like even with the dialogue and asking for feedback and thoughts, sometimes I do get caught up with myself and I'm like, I go a little bit too fast. So this helps us slow down the committing phase, really create a space with our call and language and silence, and ease into the investment drop without it raising sales resistance or overwhelm, OK? And that's a little distinction, but very important. Also, with the way we're gonna pitch the next steps in the price, essentially, we're gonna do it in a way that raises the prospect's certainty because they're gonna know exactly what comes next before we even drop price.

So that's actually really important and it's simple. I'll show you how to do it. And then we're gonna drop price in a way that's simple, not confusing, and maximizes your chance for a pay-in-full, cool? So we're gonna tab out here, and this should be the same document you already have, I believe.

OK, so I'll include this in the description of the training, but I believe in the pitching phase training, which is, I believe, the one, yep, the pitch creation training, so the one before this, there's this script that you can look through, OK? So basically what I did is it's the same one, I just added onto it from the last training. And so we're gonna start here, right? So you pitched your last pillar, or no, you pitched the support slash the delivery. I should change this to delivery.

And you went through it how I did it, how I coached you, and then you say, this makes sense. Do you have any questions, do you have any thoughts? And they'll be like, oh no, that makes total sense, that sounds great, awesome, cool. So then you wanna do the temperature check, all right? This part's really important.

So you say, OK, well, just curious, so that's the process. And in terms of the process specifically, how do you feel? How do you feel about the process specifically? OK, so pretty simple question there, but just curious, in terms of the process specifically, you wanna say this language. If you ask them, how do you feel about the offer, or don't say that, but how do you even feel about the process, or, you know, how do you feel about what I've gone over with you so far today, a lot of people will be like, oh, well, it sounds good, but what's price, right? So you wanna kinda like, in terms of those four pillars, OK, in terms of the process specifically, OK, we're narrowing it down, exactly, specifically, precisely, how do you feel, OK? So what we're looking for, because basically there's a few things that can happen here.

What we're looking for is a good answer, great answer, and great tonality, OK? I would say even certain answer, and certain tonality, all right? The reason I put, the tonality's the most important part, OK? Because a lot of people will be like, oh, yeah, you know, sounds good, OK? Based on how I just did that, do you think that person's certain? No, they're not certain. You need, when people are really on here, you'll be able to tell. Like, if you really listen for their tonality, you'll be able to tell, they'll be like, I mean, yeah, if you could do those four things, I mean, that is exactly what I need, right? It's almost like they're in it, they're engaged.

So you're really checking for that certainty and that engagement with their tonality. And then obviously, you want them to be like, yeah, that sounds like exactly what I need. No, that sounds perfect, right? Something like a certain answer and certain tonality.

If you get that here, with this question, you move on and you don't do any of this. You move on to transition language, OK? Now, if you're really good at the information gathering phase, the transition, and the pitching phase, most times you don't even have to go into any of this, OK? But sometimes you do. So if you get an uncertain answer, like, oh, it kind of sounds good, right? Or more commonly, if you get an uncertain tonality, you want to check again, all right? Because a lot of times, like, with these tie-downs, people, they just kind of tell you, yeah, does that make sense? Yes.

Do you agree? And then they have to think about it, right? I probably went over that one with you before. So it's the same thing here. It's like, you ask them again, and then they actually give you the real answer.

It's funny how that works. And the way I do that is through this alignment bit. So let's say the guy's like, yeah, you know, yeah, sounds good, right? It's like a super kind of like, it's almost like they're just trying to appease you answer, right? The tonality is not there.

It's not that certain. And you would say something like, yeah, man, I hear you. And just to be totally clear, what's really important to me and my team is alignment, meaning that when you come in and work with us, we're rolling up our sleeves and getting in the trenches with you on this thing.

I mean, our team is all in. So it's really important to me that you and your team feel good about the process before we get into any of this, you know what I mean? So just to be 100% clear, like, on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being, I hate this guy. I just want to get off the phone.

And 10 being, that sounds like, OK, yeah, that's exactly what I need. Where do you feel like you fall exactly, all right? So let me show you what I just did there. This alignment bit is, remember, guys, I taught you a moral authority in week one, all right? It's a way to frame what I'm doing here with moral authority, OK? So I'm giving kind of the reason I'm asking, why, before I ask it.

Because if you just go on to this, it's like, what is this freaking sales dude doing, right? But when you give them a reason why beforehand, and the reason why is framed in their own best interests, it's because you really care, it just lands better. And this also, this type of language applies that you also don't work with everybody, and you're looking for clients who are 100% committed. And that you're on the same side of the table as them on this stuff as well.

So you do this, and then you go in, just to be 100% clear, on a scale of one to 10, one being X, and 10 being Y, where do you feel like you fall exactly? What's great about scales of one to 10 is you set the criteria. So if you see what I did, it's one is, you know, and don't just copy this from me, like, this is just me being me here. So like, what I always say is, one being like, I hate this guy, I just want to get off the phone ASAP.

And then I would like, laugh, right, as like a joke. Because I genuinely think that's kind of funny, me saying that. And they would also laugh too, usually.

Which is good, because like, humor kind of breaks the tension a little bit at this point in the call. And then 10 being, yeah, you know, that sounds like exactly what I need, right? So you can see like, the one criteria, like obviously, if they're at this point in the call, they don't hate me and want to get off the phone. And 10 is like, yeah, that sounds like exactly what I need.

It's very simple, like a 10's easy to achieve, and a one is like, not easy to achieve. So it weights the scale towards 10. Now, you don't want to be like, ridiculous here, and be like, you know, 10 sounds okay, and one is, you hate me forever.

Like, don't be dumb, but you get what I mean, okay? And you're gonna say, where do you feel like you fall? Exactly, all right, exactly. Because at this point in the call, I'll tell you what, man, a lot of, you gotta use exactly, specifically, precisely, because people will freaking, they'll not tell you exactly how they feel. They'll give you a story, all right? We just want to get a number, not a story.

So then, what we're looking for is a nine or a 10 plus with certain language and tonality, all right? At this point, usually when you ask this, you'll be able to tell, all right? Nine or a 10's good. If you get an eight or below, eight is actually fine, okay? But I would still ask, at an eight, I would still ask this question. Okay, seven or below, not fine.

That's bad, they're not gonna enroll. I've never had a seven enroll. I've had a seven, I've done this to a seven, and then they've enrolled.

But like, if you pitch and price right after this, and there's a seven, they ain't enrolling, okay? Nothing, you should never do anything in your life at a freaking seven. That's just lame. So if it's eight or below, you ask, gotcha, man, well, I appreciate you being honest about that.

And, you know, I'm just curious, but what exactly do you feel like is keeping you from, say, being a eight, nine, or a 10? Okay, super simple. What exactly do you think, okay? Basically, what's gonna happen here is they'll give you the objection, or whenever you do these scales of one to 10, if they don't give you, they're like, oh, I don't know, I just can't put my finger on it. When that happens, you wanna narrow it down to fear.

Be like, okay, well, I mean, do you feel like it's just like nerves? And, you know, talk about nerves, talk about fear, because then you can use what we're gonna do in the objection handling week, in week four, you can use the frameworks with that to coach them through fear. Fear is the easiest one to handle, easiest objection to handle, because we can use self-identity. Nobody wants to be the type of person who makes decisions based out of fear.

So, it's really easy to bring that up and coach them back into the pocket. But, more than likely, a lot of times, they're gonna be like, everything sounds really good, it's just this one thing, right? And you just gotta handle the one thing. And then, what you wanna do is retemp and be like, okay, cool, so, you know, now that we got that out of the way and we're both on the same page about that, I mean, do you feel like you're at an eight or nine? Or, I mean, how do you feel? Like, I still want you to really feel aligned and good about this before we go any further.

And then be like, sometimes, too, they'll just appease you and they'll be like, oh, yeah, I'm at a nine. And it's like, I wanna be like, well, dude, are you sure? Okay, get them to commit again. Are you sure is a great, double-committing phrase, or question, I use it all the time.

Sometimes, like, you know, I'm like, do you feel good? Do you feel good about the process? They're like, yeah, man, I feel good about the process. Like, you sure? Right, and it's a way to kind of lean out. It's very non-sales-pressure-y, but you're basically creating a void, and then they're stepping closer into being more invested with you.

So I always use this all the time. So you wanna handle the objection, you know, ask clarifying questions to understand what the objection really is. We're gonna get into that in a little bit.

And then once you handle it, retemp to make sure that you're good, right, that you can move on, that you have a green light to go to the next phase, which is the transition language. Super simple stuff. So typically, guys, when you get this right, what's gonna happen is you're gonna ask, how do you feel? They're gonna be like, feels like exactly what I need, man.

This is awesome. And then you say, awesome, cool. So any questions, or any other questions? Then what they're gonna do here is they'll likely ask, yeah, man, like, what's the next steps? Or what's the investment? Okay, but sometimes they're like, no, man, I don't have any questions.

Okay, especially if you're like, for me, I'm a very alpha, kind of like leader on the calls, when I'm at my best. So I kind of, people are so used to being led by me at this point that they'll be like, no, man, don't get any questions, right? They're expecting me to take the lead. So then I use this phrase, and this is gold, okay? And so if they say, no questions, you say, gotcha, man.

So you feel good, you have no questions. So what's next? Where do you feel like you wanna go from here? Okay, I love this because they just told you they feel good and they don't have any questions, right? You feel like the process is exactly what you need, don't got any questions, so what's next? Where do you wanna go from here, all right? Now, after all of that, what do you think they're gonna tell you? Because you just reminded them that they are bought in to the process, they don't have any questions about it, and then you're giving them permission to basically ask you the obvious question, to be like, okay, well, what's next, okay? When they ask what's next, you're gonna give the onboarding, but you're not going to give the investment yet, okay? So let me go through the scripting, then I'll tell you why we do it this way. So you ask, okay, so you'll process the, first thing is you'll process the investment with me.

Once we take care of that, what we're gonna do is set what's called baseline with you, all right? So the way we do that is I'm gonna give you some homework right away to where we can see where we can get you the quickest wins, and then I'm also gonna have you send in your current sales script, current sales pitch, as well as a call for me to break down for feedback. What's great is most people find that just the feedback from that call breakdown alone, that initial one, usually gets them closing in at least an additional deal or two a week, just from that first call review breakdown. And then once we get all of that done, we're ready to rock and roll.

Does that sound good, okay? So why do we do it this way? So the best way I can describe this is you don't want the investment, as in your prospects, stepping into uncertainty. It's like they're jumping off the cliff, right? You wanna paint the picture as clear as possible on what's on the other side. Why do you wanna do that? Because then it raises their certainty.

It lets them know, okay, as soon as I move forward, these are the next things. And it also is future pacing them into those things. Now, this language I used here was a little bit choppy, and it's because I changed it a little bit right before I started recording this.

But essentially here, you wanna give them your onboarding, but just like with your delivery, we always wanna frame things benefit-rich. Don't get carried away here and make stuff overcomplicated. I'd rather you just tell them, yeah, we're gonna set baseline, and get you some homework, and you're gonna send in a call, right? I'd rather you tell them that, which is no benefits, opposed to use a bunch of flowery language and make it confusing, and then raise objections, all right? But simple stuff like, we set baseline, and usually, right away, we review a call, and usually from that call breakdown alone, people start closing an additional deal or two a week, right? So I'm framing and anchoring in the quick win.

Because what's gonna happen when I tell somebody an additional deal or two a week, right? They're gonna think, oh, okay, well, my offer's, you know, my offer's 6K, so a deal or two a week, I mean, wow, that's like 6K next week, okay? That's what I want them thinking before we go into the investment, okay? So if you can here, you know, just add in some benefit-rich language, but again, don't make it overcomplicated, don't get carried away. And then from there, ready to rock and roll. Does that sound good? And they're gonna be like, yeah, man, that sounds great.

So what I would do here, typically, since you said you'll process the investment with me, typically, it'll be, yeah, man, sounds great, what's the investment, okay? If they don't say anything, all you say is, awesome, so the only thing left is the investment, are you comfortable moving for, or are you comfortable going over that at this point? Something like that, right? Only thing left is the investment, are you comfortable talking about that at this point? Something very simple, just a permission question, all right? Now, if when you ask any questions, if they say, yeah, man, what's the investment, what you're gonna do is you'll still say this, and then you don't have to pause and get permission, they just already asked you for it. So then you just say, and then the investment to get you high-level outcome is just, you know, whatever, 10K, right? The investment to get you to 20 grand a month, 240K a year is just 6,800, and then you shut up, okay? So hopefully that makes sense, guys. I'll go over it again.

Usually here, if they just ask you what's next steps, you give them next steps, and since you talked about the investment, typically, they're gonna be like, okay, and what's the investment, all right? If they don't ask, you just say, hey, or you don't say hey, but it's like, does that sound good? Yeah, man, that sounds great, and then there'll be kind of like a long pause, and be like, awesome, well, are you comfortable talking about the investment at this point? That's the only thing that we haven't covered, right? Something simple, neutral language, get permission, then you move on to the investment. Now, if you ask any questions, they say, well, what's the investment? Then you're gonna go over all of this at once, all right? If you have questions about that, guys, let me know, and we can get into that. And then as you get this Google Doc, check out these comments.

I'm pretty sure I went over most of these, so I'm not gonna go through them one by one right now, but, you know, I go through this entire thing and kind of like explain to you what I'm doing and why I'm doing it based on how it's written out. So, it'd be helpful for you guys. Cool, so that is the parts explained.

Now, we have one last part to cover. And this is so important, and I'm like really excited to teach this to you guys because it's, I mean, I wish I would've known how to do this, and it's so simple when I first started because it would've saved me so many deals. But this is really a game changer, and it's gonna be fun to go through for you guys.

So, it's how to answer your prospect's questions about your program, not just in this phase of the call, which is where you'll get most of them, but at the end, during objections, during the pitching phase, even sometimes in information gathering, how to answer your prospect's questions about your program. So, let's get into it. So, what we're gonna do is use what's called clarifying questions, all right? So, clarifying questions are basically when the prospect asks us a question about our offer, what we're first gonna do is ask a clarifying question before we answer.

Now, why do we do that? And it's not just to do the whole sales thing, answer a question with a question type of thing. Like, we're genuinely, we just wanna see what the prospect means by the question they're asking. Like, it's genuine, okay? We just wanna fully understand what they're asking before we answer it.

And really, more specifically, we want the intention behind the question, because until we know the intention, we can't answer it properly. So, what's gonna happen if you don't do this, and I will tell you, I've gotten lazy and not done this sometimes, and you get burned. If you take the question at face value, what's gonna happen oftentimes is it'll create objections that you otherwise wouldn't have had to deal with, all right? And I'm gonna give you an example of the right way versus the wrong way, but you'll see exactly what I mean when we go over the wrong way.

So, let's get into it. Here's the wrong way. So, let's say, and this is a super easy example, does your program, the prospect asks a seemingly innocent question, does your program include group coaching calls? Okay, I used to sell a program that was kind of a one-on-one group coaching hybrid, but it was a very well-known program in the space.

So, a lot of people had done other programs before ours, and this was a common question, does your program include group coaching calls? So, the amateur salesperson will say something like, absolutely, we have two coaching calls a week, or five coaching calls a week on all of these different topics, and each coaching call covers a different thing, and then we have these coaches, and blah, blah, blah, okay? Wrong, wrong way to do it, because, you know, maybe this is an innocent question, and it doesn't matter, all right? But, what you're going to run into, and with all these different examples, too, it might not be group coaching, it might be something else, what you're going to run into is, then the prospect says something like, oh, okay, well, you know, I don't know if this is what I was looking for then. The last time I got help with my lead generation, I joined a group coaching program, and there'd be so many people on the calls, there'd be probably 50 to 100 people on a single call, and oftentimes, I'd wait two hours to get my question answered, and then not even end up getting my question answered. It just overall ended up being a big waste of time, okay? Now, do you want to be in this situation? No, you don't, you just created an objection.

So we don't want to do this, okay? Don't be this guy. So, same situation, but let's go over how to handle it the right way, all right? And I'm doing kind of a role-play example here, because we'll get into the how-to in a second, but the role-play's just going to cement it in for you guys. So, the right way.

Does your program include group coaching calls? So the salesperson responds, good question. And actually, let's dive into the support and how all that works throughout the 12 weeks. So, real quick, I'm just curious before we get into that, about the group coaching.

Did you ask me that for a reason? All right? And I kind of butchered the language here, but good question. Let's dive into how the support works through the 12 weeks. Throughout the 12 weeks, you're working with us.

So this should be throughout. Throughout the 12 weeks, you'll be working with us right now, then. And real quick, I'm curious about the group coaching.

Did you ask me about that for a reason? Okay, this is the core principle here. We want to know the intention, okay? So then the prospect responds, well, yeah, I mean, last time I got help with my lead generation, I joined a group coaching program, and there'd be so many people on the calls that I'd wait two hours and not even get my question answered, and that'd be a big waste of time. I just really don't want to do that again, okay? So same response, but the difference is, now we're getting it before.

It's like, it's not an objection, because we're getting the concern before we answer the question. And so then you want to respond, wow, that's frustrating. And I mean, so did you get any support at all in that program, okay? And so we're just continuing here.

And what we're doing here with this question is we're basically going deeper on the situation. So same thing you would do if this came up in discovery or a information gathering, the same exact thing you would do is like, if somebody's like, oh my God, I got burned in a program, well, I mean, well, tell me more about that, right? You just want to go deeper and seek understanding before you're understood. Seek to understand before you're understood, so Stephen Covey said.

So we want to go deeper first. And then the prospect answers, yeah, I mean, very little. They had a support email inbox, but when I'd email in, they'd tell me to wait for the group calls, and on the group calls, I'd hardly get any support.

And then at the end of the day, I just felt like I was buying a very expensive course, and I just don't really want to do that again, which is why I was asking, okay? So now you're so much more empowered to handle this opposed to you were before, right? So the salesperson responds, yeah, I definitely understand being on overcrowded group calls is annoying. So we do our support a little differently. You're going to have one-on-one access to me through Voxer and get immediate help anytime you need it, as well as the option to book a one-on-one call whenever you need.

We do have group calls, but I want you to think of those as more of like a supplement to your support. Plus, it's not like 50 to 100 people. We only have 10 on each call, and because we keep the groups small, you'll definitely be able to get support if that's the avenue you choose to get support from.

But either way, you got the one-on-one calls, you got the Voxer, all of that stuff. Does that make sense? And they're like, oh yeah, that makes sense. And then I would also consider asking, like in this situation, what I would ask is a clarifying question.

I'm waiting for this menu to go away. So do you feel like that may possibly be the support you're looking for this time around? And they're like, yeah, I mean, I think that the one-on-one with Voxer and booking a one-on-one call when I need it and just having that immediate access is definitely going to help me and definitely going to be what I was missing from the other program. Boom.

So now we went through, we didn't have to cover an objection. We just eliminated it before it happened. Okay.

(This file is longer than 30 minutes. Go Unlimited at TurboScribe.ai to transcribe files up to 10 hours long.)