Investment 


...and then investment to get you to (high-level outcome) is just XXX


(...and the investment to get you to 20k/m, 240k a year is just 6800). 


[SHUT UP] 


Pacing The First Objection
* What is it? 
   * Language pattern framework we almost always use after we get the first objection. 
* Purpose:
   * To tie down the prospects certainty on the process BEFORE moving into finances / partner objections (you can’t handle those until the prospect is certain on the “this & now”)
   * To discover the REAL objection 
   * To maintain leadership (we’re not going to give away any of our potential re-offer ammo until they’re certain (aka payment plans))
* Key Distinctions
   * This is not an antidote for a bad Intro / info-gathering / transition / pitch
   * A lot of what’s taught here can be used if you get a bad temp check in the “committing phase” as well. 


Step 1: Pace & Tie Down #1


No problem. 


For a second, let’s just pretend that money is out of the equation. How do you feel about the process specifically? Do you feel like ultimately, it’s what you need to get to (OUTCOME)? 


Outcomes:
1. The prospect agrees
2. The prospect does not agree or is uncertain (scale of 1-10 OR reference)  
   1. Listen to their tonality


Step 2 (Prospect Agrees): Tie Down #2


Option 1 (if they haven’t mentioned money / partner): How vs. Should. 


So just to be clear… you’re not in a “SHOULD” I do this place to where you’re going back and forth on if this is the best next step for your business, it sounds like your more in a “HOW” can I do this place to where you’re 100% certain this is the shortest and most effective route to (OUTCOME), it’s just a matter of making it work financially 


Option 2 (if they’ve already mentioned money / partner obj): Isolation


So just to be clear, (OBJECTION) aside, there nothing that’s keeping you from being less than 100% certain that this is what you need to get to (OUTCOME)? 


Outcomes:
1. We get the double tie down on the process and have isolated either money or spouse
2. They bring up that there’s a level of uncertainty


Step 2.5 (If Uncertain, OR they give you a surface level/ambiguous response to step 1): Scale 1-10


No worries, and I’d like to acknowledge you for being honest with me about that. That’s something I can appreciate. 


Option 1 (if you’ve scale 1-10 temp check’d earlier and they passed): 


Now can I be honest with you for a second? 


You just got telling me that you’re a 9 out of 10 on the process because ____ (insert reason why they told you they were a 10) and now it seems like you’re nowhere near that certain about the process…. So, can you be honest with me? What’s really going on? 


Outcomes:
1. They tell you why they’re uncertain (real objection) 
2. They revert back to money/partner


Option 2 (If you didn’t scale 1-10 temp check): 


Gotcha, no problem…


So just for clarity here… what’s important to us is ALIGNMENT


...because this isn’t like a course or something where we just give you a bunch of videos and modules and tell you “good luck”


If you come in and do this, we’re rolling up the sleeves and getting in the trenches WITH YOU. We’re fighting this fight with you. 


So if we’re going to put our reputation on the line and dedicate not only our resources but our teams time to your success, I want to make sure that money and logistics aside you are BOUGHT IN to the process and you feel like it’s the most effective route to (OUTCOME)


So on a scale of 1-10… 1 being this sounds horrible, I hate this guy, and want to get off the phone and 10 being; this sounds like exactly what I need - where do you feel like you fall in terms of just the process? 


Outcomes:
1. They give you a 10
   1. So is it just the money then? 
2. They give you a 8 or a 9
   1. So that’s pretty high… when you say “8” what does that mean to you exactly? 
   2. What else, if anything, is keeping you from being less than 100% that this is what you want to do? 
      1. You get the real objection
      2. You get ambiguous response (Can you be honest with me for a second? Is it just nerves? Is it just risk?) 
3. They give you 7 or below
   1. So what exactly do you feel is keeping you from being a 8, 9 or 10? 
      1. You get real objection
      2. You get ambiguous response (Can you be honest with me for a second? Is it just nerves? Is it just the risk?) 


Option 3: Three Choices.


No worries man. Can I ask you an honest question/ 


Anytimes people feel less than 100% certain that this is the right thing and now’s it’s typically 1 of 3 things. 


1. You aren’t 100% sure the process will work for them
2. You don’t trust me or the company 
3. You KNOW this will work and trust me - it’s just a matter of making it work financially. 


Which do you feel like you’re at?