Financial Objections


* What is it? 
   * Our method for handling any sort of objection/concern pertaining to money. 
* Purpose:
   * To take responsibility of ironing out logistics so the prospect can do it. 
   * To uncover the real objection (finances were a smokescreen). 
      * This process will help you uncover the smokescreen financial objections BEFORE we give away our power. 
* Key Distinctions
   * Follow this process and do not give out payment plans willy nilly 
   * If they don’t tell you COH and Credit… then there’s a trust issue (barring you’re dealing with a big corporate company or something… which in that case, it’s probably not a financial objection). 


Financial Objections


Step 1: Isolating & Uncovering Resources: 




Scenario 1 (You paced first objection and isolated finances): 


(this part you may have done before, but regardless… make sure you tie down TWICE before getting into the objection handling)


So finances and everything aside, there isn’t anything else that’s keeping you from being less than 100% that this is what you wanna do? 


So in other words… you’re not in a “SHOULD” I do this place to where you’re going back and forth on if this is the best next step for your business, it’s more of a “HOW” can I do this place to where it’s your GOAL to do this… it’s just a matter of making it work financially? 


Ok then. Well look - MOST of my clients do take care of the investment upfront.


...but for certain clients, I don’t feel like that’s the best thing for them to do based on their situation financially so we allow them to break it up. That being said, since it’s your goal to do this… do you want to explore ways we could potentially break it up to make this work for you? 


Great - so we don’t actually have any set payment plans… it really is all customized depending on what’s best for the client. 


So based on where you’re at financially, it might be possible for us to make something work now OR at the very worst we can create a game plan for you to work  towards in the future so you can do it sometime down the road. 


That said - are you comfortable with having an open and honest conversation about exactly where you’re at financially right now? And based on that we can figure out what’s the best next step from here? 


Cool - so what’s your cash on hand exactly right now? 


Gotcha - and cash flow is ultimately the lifeblood of your business. So in a lot of cases, it’s important we protect that. That said - do you have access to credit to fund your business?


How many cards? 
What’s available on each line? 
How much is used vs what’s available? 




Scenario 2: They Ask YOU About Payment Plans:


It depends… most clients pay it upfront, but for some clients I don’t feel like it’s best for them to do that based on where they’re at financially - so we break it up. 


But, I guess the most important question is… how do you feel about the process? Money aside do you feel like this is what you need to get to (OUTCOME)? 


So in other words… you’re not in a “SHOULD” I do this place to where you’re going back and forth on if this is the best next step for your business, it’s more of a “HOW” can I do this place to where it’s your GOAL to do this… it’s just a matter of making it work financially? 


Gotcha, so I’m more than willing to talk about breaking it up. Now, we don’t actually have any set payment plans… it really is all customized depending on what’s best for the client. 


So based on where you’re at financially, it might be possible for us to make something work now OR at the very worst we can create a game plan for you to work  towards in the future so you can do it sometime down the road. 


That said - are you comfortable with having an open and honest conversation about where you’re at financially right now? And based on that we can figure out what’s the best next step from here? 


Cool - so what’s your cash on hand exactly right now? 


Gotcha - and cash flow is ultimately the lifeblood of your business. So in a lot of cases, it’s important we protect that. That said - do you have access to credit to fund your business?


How many cards? 
What’s available on each line? 
How much is used vs what’s available? 


Outcomes (both scenarios):
1. They conditionally can’t do anything
2. You uncover their resources and they can PIF (see below) 
3. You uncover their resources and pitch them a payment plan (see below) 
4. They’re not open about where they’re at financially (see below) 


Step 2 (If They’re Not Open About Resources):


Can I be honest with you for a second? 


You just got done telling me that finances aside you were 100% certain this process is what you needed to get to (OUTCOME) and that you KNEW you needed to do this…


...and that ULTIMATELY, it’s your GOAL to make this work. 


...but now, it seems like you’re not willing to be open and honest with me about where you’re at financially so we can TOGETHER figure out a way we can possibly make this work for you. 


So look...how do you expect me to be able to support you in ways we can make this work so that you can (OUTCOME) if you’re not willing to be open with me about what resources you really have? 


Outcomes:
1. They’re tell you their resources (they were prob embarrassed) 
2. They’re going to tell you the real objection (they got caught red handed) 
   1. Now we have to handle that and circle back to the finances. 


Step 2.5 (If They Have Resources And Can PIF)


Can I tell you what I would do if I was you? 


...and you’re sure this is what you want to do, correct? 


Then I would do it upfront (SHUT UP). 


Let me tell you why that is…


Two reasons: 


1. The people who commit 100% to going ALL IN on their dream are the same ones who show up powerfully and get amazing results in the first week, first 30 days and so on ALL BECAUSE they decided to burn the boats and metaphorically draw a line in the sand and go ALL IN on committing to their vision AND
2. When you’re able to go all in on yourself, you’re clients are going to be empowered to go all in with you the same exact way. And instead of a bunch of shitty payment plans, you’ll get clients who won’t blink an eye at a PIF. All because YOU’RE the client you want to attract. 


Make sense? 


(Are you sure?) 


Feel good? 


Ready to get started on some homework? 


What’s your billing address? 


Step 2.5 (If They Have Resources But Need A Payment Plan)


Gotcha… ok, and you still feel good about the process, right? 


You sure? 


Great, because look… the real beauty for you is that making successful decision in business is all about maximizing your upside while minimizing your downside. 


(Optional) And this isn’t coming from me, but look at Warren Buffet, Ray Dalio, Carl Icon… the most successful investors in the world - they all focus on maximizing upside while minimizing downside. 


So take your upside - you come in and you do exactly what we tell you to do and scale your business to 50k/m and (insert outcome)


You’re downside, is that at the end of the day… it’s what? 1-2 clients to break even? That’s it…


...and because of that what I’d be willing to do for you, is let you in for half… so 3400 to start. 


...and that way you can come in, build out your offer, utilize the resources you already have to land a few clients and then we can take care of the rest (3400) 30 days down the road once you already have momentum and clients coming in (future pace the initial parts of your program).


Make sense? 


So if that’s something I’m willing to do for you, is that something you’re willing to move forward with right now? (OR “How does that sound”)


You sure? 


Ready to get started on some homework? 


What’s your billing address? 


(Note: if they say, “let’s do it” I’m going to go right for billing address. But sometimes they need “eased in” a bit).