Uncertainty-Based Objections


* What is it? 
   * Language patterns & reframes we use for any objection having to do with THIS being the right thing or NOW being the right time. 
* When do we use? 
   * Only after we’ve paced through the first objection and we’ve isolated down to something specific that’s keeping the prospect from being certain. 
* Purpose:
   * Instead of “rebuttals” we’re going to HEAR the prospect and LEAD the prospect. 
   * Get the objection boiled down to where they acknowledge that it’s simply FEAR OF RISK (because that’s where we can challenge them to step up). 
* Key Distinctions
   * Most (if not all) of these we still want to Pace it first before we move onto the below: 
   * Most fall into three different frameworks. 
   * Authenticity (same with “pitch codex”, if it doesn’t sound authentic / natural / and from a place of alignment, it’s not going to work)
      * That said - practice these! 


Review Of “Pacing The First Objection”


Once you’ve paced the first objection… use these below (or variations of) 


“I just want to think about it” 


#1. “Pacing The First Objection” ← Literally why I created this. 


#2. (If they’re just keep repeating themselves) 


I hear you, so is that just the way you always make decisions? 


<Then proceed to “the way I make decisions”>  


“It’s just a lot of money…”


I hear you… can I ask you an honest question about that? 


You said it’s a lot of money… a lot of money, compared to what? 


Is it a lot of money to make bare minimum 20k/m… 240k per YEAR - for the rest of your career? (Insert Outcome) 


“It’s just a lot of money…” (PART 2 - Non-ROI Offers)


So when you say it’s too much, what’d you mean? 


Gotcha well I hear you and appreciate you bringing that up. Thank you. 


And I also want to reassure you that a lot of my clients felt that way before they put it in proper context. 


Now, that said, can I be honest with you? 


Earlier on this call you told me that your worst fear was your health getting even worse and then 10-15 years from now having to go through the same health struggles your father did, right? The ones that cost 10 or even 15k in medical bills to cover, no? 


...and beyond that, it’s not just about avoiding that, but you also want to have a body that when you look into the mirror you don’t feel shame. And instead you can actually feel good in your own skin for the first time since your 20s. 


So I want to realign you with that for a moment. And put this all into proper context…


...because while I get that 5k right now might seem a little scary, this is an investment to get your HEALTH back. Your SELF-ESTEEM back. Not just now, but for the rest of your LIFE! 


...and to get that outcome, I guarantee if you put in the work you’ll be there in less than a year. 


So just to put the investment in context here…


5k spread across 365 days in a year is just over 10 dollars a day. Across 5 years is 2 dollars a day. 


Is that too much to invest in getting your health back for a lifetime? 


So if I can show you how to reclaim your health and finally get the body of your dreams over the next couple months, is it worth 10 dollars a day to do this? 


Are you sure? Feel good?


Ready to get started on some homework? 


What’s your billing address…?


“But what if it doesn’t work…”


I hear you, and I can appreciate that. 


So just to stay organized on my end here… 


...what you’re saying that despite the 300 case studies we have and 95% client success rate, you’re worried you’re going to be the one unlucky one this doesn’t work for? (haha) 


Look - no worries. I get that…


Now, can I ask you an honest question? 


If you come in and do this… would you 100% put in the work? 


And when you run into a problem, or a challenge throughout the program… would you raise your hand and reach out for help? Or are you going to bury your head in the sand and disappear? (lol) 


Gotcha so look… 


If we have a 95% success rate…


And you’re 100% going to put in the work…


And you PROMISE ME you’ll raise your hand when you need help…


Then tell me, why exactly wouldn’t this work for you?


Two outcomes:
1. I don’t know  (proceed below)
2. They give you real objection


(if I don’t know…)


I hear ya… do you think it’s just a little bit of nerves? 


<Then proceed to nerves / fear> 


“It’s not the way I make decisions” (I need to sleep on it, pray on it… etc) 


<Pace the first objection> 


I hear you... and just to clarify, what I’m hearing you say is that you have a way of making decisions in business that’s worked for you up into this point, correct?  


Gotcha, well I appreciate you bringing that up and I want to reassure you that everyone has a pattern of decision making their accustomed to.


That said, I also want to realign you with the fact that - the way in which you make decisions - creates everything else for you in life and business. 


For instance, there’s plenty of self-made millionaires in the United States who are your exact age who started off in a WORSE position than you are now… 


...and the reason they are where YOU want to be is simply because they’ve made decisions differently and gotten different results. 


So while I understand you have a pattern of decision making that makes you COMFORTABLE…


...I also want to realign you with the fact that GROWTH will never happen inside of your comfort zone. 


And that you can’t rely on the same pattern of decision making that got you here, to get you there. If you don’t CHANGE the way you make decisions, you’ll never get a different result...


Make sense? 


So look, the real issue isn’t how you USED to make decisions before…


...the real question is who are you going to be and how are you going to make decision moving forward? Because THAT is going to be what determines your results. 


So do you want to be the type of person who continues to expect the same pattern of decision making to get them a different result? Basically the definition of insanity…


Or do you want to be the type of person who - when they know the decision is RIGHT - can make the uncomfortable decision that most people are NOT willing to make and therefore have what MOST people don’t have?


Which one of those people do you want to be? 


Outcomes:
1. They give you the real or next objection (could be certainty or financial/spouse) 
2. They agree (move onto trial close) 
3. If they labor on about how it’s a big decision, go onto objection handling per RISK or pivot to deposit. 


“It sounds good but I need more information”  (This could also be “send me a proposal/email” // “I need to do research”)


<side step and pace first> 


Gotcha... now is there a specific reason that you're asking for an email with all the details?


Oh ok, so what I'm hearing is that it'll just make you feel more confident about making this decision either way then?


Gotcha, now, can I be honest with you for a second?


I can appreciate you bringing that up, but everything that I could possibly cover in an email, we’ve already talked about on this call. 


Right? We talked about the fact that your business is on the decline. That you’re currently month to month on bills. And that if you don’t figure this out by new years, your wife’s forcing you back into a 9-5...


And we also talked a how your dream number is 50k/m and together we reverse engineered the exact path to get there, right? 


So look - while I totally GET that you want to FEEL GOOD about making this decision and in doing so take the extra time necessary to make sure with certainty that this is the right thing, I want to tell you from the EXPERIENCE of being exactly where you’re at now that you’ll NEVER 100% certain about this until you’ve actually done it. 


...so while I get that you’re trying to get more information so that you can eliminate the risk of making a mistake, the truth is - overcoming that fear of making mistakes is exactly what you need to do to move forward in your life and business and get to 50k/m in income. 


And now knowing that to be true… there’s a couple ways this could go: 


You could be the type of guy who continues to do a ton of research trying to find the confidence to make a decision and waisting months if not YEARS doing so - all because he wants to avoid a mistake. 


Or you could be the type of guy who can move forward in the face of uncertainty and realize that overcoming his fear of making mistakes what exactly the shift he needed to achieve his dream? 


Which one of those guys do you want to be? 


Outcomes:
4. They give you the real or next objection (could be certainty or financial/spouse) 
5. They agree (move onto trial close) 
6. If they labor on about how it’s how they need information, go into how no amount of information will eliminate RISK or pivot to deposit. 


“I need to do my due diligence” or “I just found out about you guys”  (aka - I don’t trust you) 


Gotcha, and aside from making sure that we’re not going to take your money and go to mexico with it (haha) is there any other reason that’s keeping from being less than 100% certain that the process is exactly what you need to get to 50k/m? 


In other words… if everything I told you on this call is true, you’re in? 


Awesome - so I want to acknowledge you for being honest about that and I appreciate you bringing that up. 


Now, can I be honest with you for a second? 


As of now, we’ve enrolled about 300 clients at this price tag of 10k. Which means client’s have paid us about 3 million dollars to fulfill on the promise that me and you are talking about right now. 


So while I totally can appreciate that you want to make sure we’re not some internet scammer and going to take your money and go to costa rica (lol), I also want to realign you with the fact that if we’re processing that amount of money and DELIBERATELY not doing what we say, than we’d literally be in jail. 


...and not just that, but it’s the age of transparency on the internet, right? So we’d be ALL over the internet for not fulfilling on what we say here. Does that make sense? 


So while I get you feel like you’re putting a lot of trust in us, we’re also putting a lot of TRUST in YOU…


...because if you come in and think it’s get rich quick and don’t put in the work then go off to say we’re a bunch of scammers on the internet that’s a LOT more damage to us and our reputation than it is to you… 


Make sense? 


So is there something we haven’t talked about that’s concerning you? Or do you know this is the right thing you’re just a little bit nervous about the decision? 


Outcomes:
1. Get the real objection
2. Move onto nerves / risk / information 
3. Move into trial close. 


I don’t have time to implement (Part 0) 


<Pace & Isolate> 


Gotcha so if I’m hearing you correctly, you feel like this is what you need to get to 50k/m it’s just a matter of having time to implement it? 


How many hours are you working in your business right now? 


So here’s the thing - you’re already working enough hours to hit 50k/m. There’s been plenty of entrepreneurs who’ve hit that goal working WAY less than that. 


So if we know that to be true… then the real reason why you’re not where you want to be isn’t because you’re not working enough hours. It’s because of how you spend the hours you’re already working in your business. 


And that’s exactly what were going to fix. We’re not adding more hours on here. We’re going to optimize the hours you’re already working so that you're working smarter, not harder. 


So there isn’t any extra time you’ll need to implement. 


Does that make sense? 


“It don’t have the time to implement this right now” (Part 1) 


<Pace & Isolate> 


Gotcha so if I’m hearing you correctly, you feel like this is what you need to get to 50k/m it’s just a matter of having time to implement it? 


Look - can I be honest with you for a second? 


You just got done telling me that growing this business was not just about financial freedom for you and your family, but it was for your legacy… 


...and NOW it seems like you’re telling me that you don’t have the time to do what you just told me was the most important issue in your business and life to fix. What is more important than that? 


< If they rebuttal, continue on below > 


“It don’t have the time to implement this right now” (Part 2)  


<This is good if their main issue is time> 


Can I be honest with you for a second? 


If the very problem that you got on this call to solve, is exactly what is going to keep you from getting started on fixing the problem… then you’re in a self-perpetuating loop and you’re stuck. 


Make sense? 


So the real question is NOT when is going to be the right time, because it’ll never feel like the right time... 


...the real question is, when are you going to STOP making decisions based on current circumstances and START making decisions out of a place of vision? 


Because if you keep making decisions based on current circumstances, you’re only going to generate what? More of the same. 


But when you start making decisions on your future vision, well you open yourself to a whole world of possibility. 


So who do you want to be? 


The person who is constantly reactive, making decisions based on their current circumstances and constantly going in circles? 


…or the person who understands that “if not NOW, when?” The person who is able to get uncomfortable in the short-term because they it’ll mean they get what they want in the long term?






“I’ve tried something similar and it didn’t work” 


Gotcha and I hear you… when you said you tried something similar and it didn’t work, can you tell me more about that experience? 


<Prospect responds>


So what I’m hearing is that you see how this is different, but because you tried that program in the past and it completely overpromised and undelivered now you’re a little gun shy. Is that correct? 


So I appreciate you for being honest with me about that… 


...and look I’ve had similar experiences. I paid 25k for a mastermind and put 10k in ads in it and it didn’t work. 


It sucked and quite frankly it was hard to talk about it so I appreciate you bringing that up and being honest. I get it. 


Now do I have permission to be brutally honest with you? 


...because earlier on this call, you told me that getting to 50k/m was non-negotiable to you. 


...you told me that you’d be willing to do whatever it takes to get there. 


...and also told me that the only thing stopping you from getting there was having a consistent way to generate leads, which is something you’ve tried on your own in the past and failed and acknowledged that you gotta get help because at the end of the day - you’re not a marketing expert you’re a health expert - right? 


So look - I get it sucks when you’ve been burned. But let me ask you this…


...think about the most successful people you know. Think about Warren Buffet, Bill Gates, Mark Cuban… people like that - do you think they got to where they were cause they quit after making one bad decision? 


...or do you think it’s really quite the opposite? 


So the real issue isn’t that you’ve been burned once, it’s what LESSON are you going to learn from that experience itself? 


...are you going to learn the lesson that because you tried something one time and it didn’t work you’ll never reach out for help again to fix a problem you’ve admitted you can’t fix on your own? 


….or do you want to learn the lesson that one bad decision can sometimes simply be the tuition we pay for making a better decision the next time? 


<they answer> 


So if I can show you how to get to 50k/m so you never have to worry about your income or being month to month again, is that worth it to you? 


Feel good? 


Ready to get started on some homework? 


“I want to speak to one of your clients first” 


We can definitely talk about that - now, just curious, but are you asking that for a reason? 


<they respond> 


Gotcha, well I appreciate you being open with me about that. 


Now can I be honest with you for a second? 


Right now I have about 3-5 people reaching out per day to see if it’s a fit for us to work together... 


...and at the same time, I keep a pretty small tight-knit group of high quality clients because I like to make sure that they’re supported. 


So while I’m not saying your request is invalid at all... 


...in my current position, with about 25 people reaching out per week, it wouldn’t really be appropriate nor realistic to fill my clients calendars with a bunch of people who are just “thinking about” joining my program and might not be really serious about it anyways (especially when most of my clients charge anywhere from 1000-5000/per hour for their time too) 


...so that’s not something I am going to be able to do. 


So, with that being said, how would you like to proceed from here? 


(You can also just invite them in and offer a 7-day refund) 
“Using credit is bad / too risky” 


Gotcha so when you say “you don’t believe in using credit” what’d you mean exactly? (identifying the MEANING) 


So basically to use you just don’t think using credit would be a responsible thing to do financially. 


Appreciate you being honest about that… and it’s something that a lot of entrepreneurs who are first starting have struggle understanding. So no worries.


Now I also want to remind you that you said your goal was to build a 50k/m business, right? 


...and let’s just pretend, for a second, that you KNEW this was going to work. I know nothing in life is 100% guaranteed but just suspend disbelief for a second and pretend it is. 


If you put 10k on a credit card, and it produces for you a 600k a YEAR business, that’s like a 60x return. So that’d be worth it right? Yes/No...


Right! So the real issue isn’t credit… 


...the real issue is what’s keeping you from feeling like this is going to work for you? 


Outcomes:
1. Isolate the objection
2. Circle back up to “but what if it doesn’t work for me” 
3. Proceed to PART 2 or even the RISK objection. 


“Using credit is bad / too risky”  PART 2 (also good for RISK)


Appreciate you being honest about that… and it’s something that a lot of entrepreneurs who are first starting have struggle understanding. So no worries.


I totally understand you feeling as if using a credit card and taking this risk makes you feel like you’re irresponsible financially... 


...and at the same time, I want to realign you with the fact that the very reason you came on this call is BECAUSE you have no financial stability in the first place! And you wanted to step into becoming an entrepreneur to change that, right? 


And an entrepreneur - by the exact definition - is someone who takes RISK.


So it’s not about rather using credit cards is financially responsible or irresponsible…


What it’s really about is what DECISION give you TRUE financial stability in the long-run? 


...is it doing NOTHING and continuing to stress week after week about your finances for the coming and maybe YEARS because you’re afraid of taking risk like everyone else? 


...or is it more financial responsible to get a little uncomfortable in the short term, to be able to provide financial security for yourself and your family in the long-term - and in doing so - take the necessary steps required to truly become an entrepreneur? 


Which one of those two types of people do you want to be?  
“Is there a guarantee?” 


We can definitely talk about that - now, just curious, but are you asking that for a reason? 


Gotcha, well I hear you and I appreciate that. 


Now, can I ask you an honest question? 


What SERIOUS things in your life, things that are worth doing, worth having, are 100% guaranteed? 


< Let them respond > 


The truth is, it’s not even guaranteed that your going to wake up tomorrow, right? 


So knowing that nothing is 100%... it’s going to be IMMORAL and UNETHICAL for me to try to predict the future. 


So, that being said - what I CAN guarantee you is that we have an impeccable track record and will give you everything you need to succeed…


...but what I can NOT guarantee is that you’ll do the work. Make sense? 


So look - right now, I have the result that you want, right? 


...and, I’ve helped 100s of other people get that result at well. 


So the real issue is…


Are you going to be the type of person who 100% shows up and 1) does the work and 2) raises your hand when you need help? 


...because if you’re able to do those two things, then while it’s not going to be easy, you’re going to succeed. 


So are those two things you’re willing to do? 


Good… what other question do you have? 


(Can also use “Nice guy negotiation” on this too)
“It’s too risky / it’s a big risk” (hence, wanting to “think about it”)


When you say it’s a “big risk”, tell me more about what you mean there exactly…


Gotcha, so I hear you on that and appreciate you bringing that up, and I also want to reassure you that this is totally NORMAL - because all the greatest businesses in the world, were built upon taking risks…


That’s simply a necessary requirement for building or doing anything great. Make sense? 


That said - are you open to a little bit of coaching on this? 


Awesome… like I was just saying, all the greatest business people and investors in the world make decisions based on analyzing risk - based on their maximizing upside and minimizing downside...right?  


So knowing that to be true, let’s take a look at that for you’re situation and see what the REAL risk actually is…


...is it 1) riskier to do NOTHING and continue on the business rollercoaster of not knowing where you’re next clients going to come from or how you’re going to pay the bills - hoping one day, something is going to change out of nowhere? 


...or is riskier to 2) go slightly into the red in the short-term, but in the long-term get the proven system and proven of team of experts who’ve not just done this themselves but for 100s of others as well support you in getting your business to 50k/m in the next 90 days? 


Which one of those do you think is riskier? Doing nothing or doing something? 


“It’s too risky / it’s a big risk” (hence, wanting to “think about it”) PART 2


I hear you on that… 


Now, can I share with you one of the biggest things I’ve noticed between people I speak with who have tremendous success vs the ones that don’t and keep going in circles? 


You’re goal is to make 50k/m, right? 


Ultimately, 600k per YEAR. 


That would put you in the top 0.01% of top income earners in the WORLD. 


Now, have you ever wondered why there’s so few people making that amount of money? 


It’s because of the FEAR of RISK. 


There’s a TON of people out there who SAY they want to make the amount of money…


...but there’s far fewer who will actually take the risks necessary to BE the person who DESERVES that amount of success. 


And knowing that to be true, the real question is which one of those people do you want to be…


Do you want to be apart of the 99% who SAYS they want those things but is never able to push through that glass wall of fear and take the risks necessary to get there? 


...or do you want to be the type of person who’s committed to getting there no matter what? The type of person who realizes that to earn that success you have to become the type of person who DESERVES that success - and that means taking risk…


Which one of those people do you want to be? 
“I’m just nervous / scared” 


Gotcha, so you know this is what you need… it’s just nerves, then? 


GOOD. (pause) 


It’s good that your nervous. The nerves are there for a reason - and they’re good. That means there’s some weight to it. Some meaning to it. Nothing ever great in this world was built by someone who wasn’t a little bit nervous at first.


So being nervous is ok… but deep down in the pit of your stomach, you should know that despite the fear and despite the nerves that’s it the RIGHT thing - and earlier when I asked you how you felt… you said that it’s what you needed, didn’t you?


“I’m just nervous / scared” PART 2


What exactly are you nervous about and scared of? 


Well look, I hear you and I can appreciate you being open about that. 


Now, can I be brutally honest with you for a second? 


You’re never going to get to where you want to be if you’re constantly taking counsel from your fears. 


GROWTH becomes impossible if you refuse to get uncomfortable. Because the only place that growth can happen is where? Outside of your comfort zone…


So the real issue isn’t that fear… that’s there for a reason. That’s good. 


The real question is who’s the type of person you’re going to decide to be moving forward? 


The type of person who takes council from their fears, letting them control their life and therefore never grow into the person they aspire to be? 


...or the type of person who is able to move into discomfort, because he knows it’s the only way forward if he’s going to achieve what he wants? 


Which one of those people do you want to be? 


The type of person who lets fear guide their life and therefore never grow? 


The person who’s able to feel the fear and do it anyways?