So now if you guys remember last week, we stretched time. Because a lot of times, that little two to four second pause at the end that you're going to add, what's going to happen is then the prospect's going to keep talking, and they're going to go deeper on what you really want them to talk about, and they're actually going to give you the real, like juicy answer to the question, and not the surface level one that they gave you the first time, okay? Seek to understand before you're understood, so Stephen Covey said. That said, guys, happy to have you here. So you can dig into this stuff is what I'm saying as you go on, cool? They'll appreciate you asking this because it really gives them clarity on why what they tried in the past didn't work. The prospect says, no, I feel like you totally understand me, whatever, cool. This is to capitalize on people coming into the group. But this is more than enough. And ultimately, if you're able to get into a relationship, how do you feel, how would that feel? Wow, he's been doing it for a year and, you know, you kind of like it. And really, we don't really have much of an outbound effort to contact those people at all. And this is basically a question you ask to where you know they're going to say no. So that, you know, the common one you see out there a lot is do you feel like you have a process on what you can like call on and you know, pull the lever and get new clients coming in at will. It just leads really naturally into these other parts of the call. At any point, if the qualitative assessment is off, right, and they're just getting the gut feeling that this is probably not the best fit for you, not best fit for us, they're gonna let you go, okay? Or this could even work if it's an inbound lead and their application was kind of iffy and your sales coordinator wants you to qualify and vet this person before passing it off to the closer. You know, I mean, those are good to have people fill out. We can also actually have our opt-ins retargeted and going to the group as well. So, you know, then we go into the payout, desire, trust transition and the pitch. So you kind of always want to ask at least one of each in most cases, unless you get everything from the why now, why not stay where you are, which sometimes you will. We're going to talk about how to do that. This is kind of also like a shopping question, because we talked about one of the outcomes is to see if they're shopping. Is that what you wanna be charging? So, edit to the video. That's when ours is. And it'll increase your compliance with these questions like you've never even seen. Alrighty guys. OK, well, what if that program doesn't work out for you then? What are you trying to do to fix it now? It's like we're texting them and we're kind of seeing which ones raise their hand right off the gun. Where do you feel like you want to go from here? That is the belief that the people around them, spouse and or business partner or both, are going to support them in fixing the problem. So let me go through the scripting, and I'll tell you why we do it this way. That's kind of me transitioning away from the pain and more towards, we're going to go to desire now. Okay, so I said, how we're gonna do that, now I'm getting into the bridge, right, is there's basically four key components, four steps. What is up, guys? It's going to be a quick training and we're going to hop over to the script here or not the script I guess but the document with all the questions on it and then we're going to go through this. So maybe getting to $20,000 a month, not only allows them financial freedom, but also allows them to retire their wife because their wife's been working 30 years in the schools and she's burned out. So what are their problems going to be? And lo and behold, it worked, okay? So the key to building a setting team, and this is what we talked about in the curated opportunity streams training, is having COSs. It's having leads that fit this. So like, when I'm painting this portrait in my mind, I'm thinking like, what can you see, think, feel, touch, smell, like, what does the day-to-day look like? So instead of just kind of giving you like a cookie cutter training, one size fits all crossing our fingers and hope it works for you. So, at the lowest budget, that's at least going to take 10K a month net. Like in seven of us say, instead of group coaching calls, I say sales clinics. But just to clarify, these are deals I was working for four or five, six months or more. Another really, really good way is looking at your testimonials and your wins every day. Okay, well, let me ask you a question. What's the biggest sticking point with your sales team? Well, what would your partner think if he or she knew you were on this call? So again, oftentimes, the outbound call transitions to the triage call, but not always, because you might be calling somebody as they're walking into a meeting, or they have something at the top of the hour, and they're like, oh, dude, definitely wanna talk to you, definitely wanna give you 10 minutes of my time. So let's dive in. But like there's no, I don't even know what to do, honestly, to, to leverage my own time. But it doesn't matter like this stuff is all very fluid so it's not a huge deal either way, okay? I can't tell you, and it's not enough to get these in the application, guys. You know, I've enrolled about, I've been, I've worked with over 300 clients and this is actually the lowest I've ever charged, right? So if you're a health offer, which syntax to use, an agency, which syntax to use, a coach consultant or a coaching program or a group program, what syntax to use, so on and so forth. What up guys, Cole here and in this training we're going to talk about the belief ladder and the seven beliefs your prospect must have to buy. Other mistake, having setters worry too much about quality at first. You frame it like that, you're gonna get them every single time, okay? Don't get super crazy here, but this is a practice that you wanna keep, just get in the habit of doing this, because what you're really doing is ascending what's called logical levels, and you're gonna start to really tie it to the highest level of values, which is what influences them more than anything else, okay? Let me know if you have questions about the case studies and the stories. When you hear silence as a weapon, if you've heard that from other sales trainings, this is what they mean. And then, because of that, and all the personal growth that I had as a full-time salesperson, my business was able to explode because I had such a head start, and I was able to develop my thinking and my mindset so much before I even got started. Well, if you're selling a high-ticket offer and your prospect's goals are low, it's going to jeopardize their ability to justify the investment for the program. So, let me show you what I just did there. Fear is the easiest one to handle, easiest objection to handle, because we can use self-identity. It creates a clear, it creates clarity in your prospect of where they are now versus where they wanna be. First, we want to ask a question that's a shot across the bow. There's superior, equal, and inferior. We get them super certain that I want to do this. A year, a year. It's just, like, I mean, dude, like, I'm sure you've probably been in sales for a while. That's our term for it, simply because it's derived from using, as you learned in the last video, the belief ladder in conjunction with Socratic dialogue. It's not cool. Just go all out. They figure it out. Do you have a partner? Parlay it based on something they've already told you. And then we're also going to be twice a week for a sales clinic. Now, things to note in week four, common pitfalls, do not overcomplicate and sound scripted. We want them not just to be clear on what the problem is, but the solution to that problem. Another big one for the VSL, and really the biggest, the two biggest are going to be the text and the outbound calling, but obviously, one of the two biggest is the outbound calling, right? Now within pitch, there's three parts, promise, bridge, and delivery. Then we're gonna go over the belief ladder, the inner game of sales, subcommunication and tonality, and then keys to consistent high performance. So first of all with the three-day trial dude, what I would do is Unless it's it mean if it hasn't been a huge issue for you so far It might not be worth bothering but like all of that stuff like any sort of I'm not against like guarantees Kind of letting people trial stuff out whatever right but I am against like just giving that to him just to give it to him Right that should be like an objection cover That you use and like you make it feel like something that's like that's real special to it's basically you're doing it as like a trade Right, so you isolate down the objection you get to the concern which is typically typically gonna be like fear Or is this a scam? So script this out for your own offer, read it out loud multiple times, and then change it into within your own dialect, and then rehearse it so many times to where you just got it, and it's just the same every single time to the point to where you don't even need a script, cool? So I know, you know, you said you have it, but part of the monetary thing was talking to your wife. So week three is all about the first part of the sales process, intro, discovery, and transition, which is arguably the most important part, right? So this is kind of obvious. Or another version that sometimes comes off a little less aggressive is, how do you mean exactly? So are you open to just having an honest conversation about your finances, getting everything out of the table? Step number two is then create projections that are impossible to hit without doing follow-up and self-gen. But, you know, for the sake of like really trying to have excellent salesmanship as much as we can. And some things to consider, like, what are the foundational roadblocks, right? So it really depends, but as you get maybe $500, $1,000, $2,000, when you get those types of buyers, the equity you're getting with that person will last a lot longer because they've more than likely probably been through your course, their contact information is valid, and you've really given them value because the investment was bigger, probably the product was better, and they actually went through it, they consumed it. Okay, and believe me, everything you say is gonna be so much more likely accepted to be true when you're out of sales frame, and they're looking at you as the expert, the trusted advisor, the authority, et cetera. Okay, well, is that your total household income or do you have a partner that helps out or and then you can kind of get into, oh, okay, well, what does your partner do? So we're going to start moving on and like paint a picture on the career side. So that's what I mean by numbers assigned to what they want. Like, be a normal human being here, but don't pendulum swing and then feel like you gotta just do a mini recap after the prospect's done saying, after they finish answering a question, doing a mini recap every single time, okay? I mean, it's not like Last week was like six. And I mean, this is optional. If you're on the call, you set aside the time and you can help them, obviously. And sometimes we'll do price anchoring, but to be honest, I just do it as simply as possible. What I'm doing is I'm temperature checking to see if they're in a buying situation. That's probably like the biggest thing for me right now. Now, obviously, as you get up to upwards of 297, 497, 1,000, 2,000, or even more, those ratios are gonna go probably lower because, number one, it's higher quality people. And I don't have any setters in my inbox at all. But they also might say, oh, well, I guess I'd just be keeping on, keeping on in the same spot. I'd really like to get you as much help as I possibly can in the short amount of time we have set aside here. So we're going to kind of start and say, hey, John, how's the week been? They've reached out and raised their hand to identify that they have a problem and reached out to you for help. Don't miss that stuff. So lastly, I just want to tell you how all this is fulfilled. So what we're gonna cover is why we text opt-ins, the software we use, the scripting we use. A way that I like to think about this is like, because a lot of people, and especially when I was learning this stuff, I was like, well, what is certainty? So for me, it's the pitch codex. So, this is why, a lot of times, after you get the fundamentals down, some of the best sales training you can have is managing your energy, learning this exact video that I'm telling you right now, learning this stuff, and just really developing yourself as a person, raising your standards, improving your ways of thinking, and learning how to think like a successful person. You could do that if you want to. So, I have the level of thinking, because I've done it and helped others do it, of how to get to $100,000 a month. Then there's also people who join your Facebook group, right? Then it's like, oh, it's something about what her husband said or whatever it is, right? So let's get started with pain. But they come through in Slack and around Robin. On that scale, where do you feel like you're at financially? Where's Ben? Like, try doing, like, Amazon. One way you can do this is chunking down, which chunking down is in part two. They're splitting it three ways. So the transition phase is kind of the bridge between the information gathering, and kind of the discovery, and the sales process, and the pitch, and it's designed to make it smooth, acknowledge that we understand them, we hear them, and make sure that we haven't missed anything, and then what's really key is you want to transition into the pitch with zero sales resistance, okay? We also want to get non-monetary goals. Okay, and it's going to build trust. They want to talk about what they want. You write that down. So first, let's talk about how to properly elicit desired situation of the prospect. Then you tie that down. Same, same thing, same way we're getting that response, but like, we're using all that context. They have to take notes. What do you have to make just to replace? Oh, okay, you know, is your spouse in this like crazy wild, wild west, you know, friggin' internet marketing space too, or what does she do? Once lead gen is not a problem anymore, and you have 100% clarity, 100% certainty on how to dial in that lead generation specifically, at that stage, what would be the goal then? It's giving him love and connection because his family loves him and appreciates him as a provider. Role play them in your sales meeting. So like it can be just kind of unnecessary resistance and sales frame. In fact, we actually worked with a similar brokerage in Arizona, Brokerage XYZ, have you heard of them? Right, they're expecting me to take the lead. Oh, yeah. Nip that one in the butt right there. A lot of the sale is predicated on you selling them the method and the opportunity, right? I'm just not hearing that from you. Like, this is like, I almost call it a temperature check. And it works. And the clearer we can paint those pictures in our mind and the prospect's mind, the more we're going to be able to see and feel the space in between. It's just there's a few things and a few nuances that are gonna be different. Okay, so, I'll include this in the description of the training, but I believe in the pitching phase training, which is, I believe, the one, yep, the pitch creation training, so the one before this, there's this script that you can look through, okay? A lot of times, even when you're talking about the pain, you can ask things like, hey, can I ask you a personal question? But if they tried everything, basically, the syntax is, OK, wow, I mean, can I ask you another personal question? I have one guy that's pretty promising, but. And it was just like this really uncomfortable situation where like my wife brought it up and she just said, like, this isn't what I want, you know, not like she's on her way out or anything, but just kind of like, you need to do something about this. And you're going to send it. Yeah, go for it. Okay, well, but, you know, given what we just talked about. Now there's a misconception that old leads, that's people that are outside of 24 hours are actually bad leads. It's how we kind of start the call and essentially start the information gathering phase. If you do this, are you 100% going to put in the work? If I asked you, what's your name? Happy New Year 2021. So what we want to do is we want to get into that small circle of people by finding the greatness within every prospect. This is questions that are going to widen the gap, all right? And that's even a better lead, right? So that's it for this training. They're like, oh no, dude, I'm running into a meeting, can we schedule 10 minutes later? Of course. Awesome, so I got my calendar open now. That's really what tangibility is all about. Yep. Why it's going down? It doesn't matter how great your mindset is, is if all of these things are out the window, okay? I mean, I have $2,000 I could invest if I have a little bit of credit, but it's like 20K a month. It was right down there. So in terms of like budgeting options, instead of getting into some contrast, instead of getting into like a long, you know, four or five hour conversation, long laundry list of every single different possibility we could do in every single different situation, what's probably going to be more appropriate is, and when you say it like that, dude, with that tonality, so like good. If they're already, you know, doing Amazon FBA, if they're already totally sold that they want to do Amazon FBA, you just skip this part here, okay? So that's $4 million over the year from just follow-up, which doesn't cost ad spend. Like what lead generation activities are we going to do? But this is gonna help you really show up as your most empowered self every single day. Now, now we're gonna get into discovery. Like, um, I think that the big thing for me would be, it would just, I don't know, like my confidence, honestly, because if this is working, then, I mean, I set out to do this more than 10 years ago and it took me six or seven years to dial things in. And then I now this next question that's coming up, kind of a little redundant, like I don't need to ask this, I should just move on to current situation and digging the stuff like I mean, manager breathing down his neck, I should have just said, gotcha. And it just becomes very obvious, but see, when you elicit these types of things, you're probably not even gonna get the objection in the first place, all right? This is common. So ultimately if you were able to X, what would that open you up to do or what would that do for you? So you see how I took notes here and it's like almost like a, I'm trying to think of, it's almost like a mind map, right? And they're back exactly where they started, if not heavier, within three months. I say, okay. I'd rather you tell them that, which is no benefits, opposed to use a bunch of flowery language and make it confusing and then raise objections, all right? We don't want to do that. So once we get down to this, this is the best way to get into personal stuff. Now, we'll have a separate training later on about projections, so just in case you have questions about that, just throwing that out there. Let's just pretend this sounds like exactly what you need in your business right now. Saw you, saw you watched our, and then I would send this, right? The more you use this and ask questions and get help and support, the better it is for everybody because it becomes a valuable resource. We want to know their monetary goal. What I really, really need, I've been through so many different coaching programs, I just need one-on-one. I wanna always make sure it's dialogue. But on a sales call, we don't wanna have over, like the biggest issue I see a lot of times when it comes to tonality, and you'll see this in the examples that we're gonna go through in a little bit, is like upward, it's like upward inflecting tonality that's the root of that is because they're uncertain in their own sales process and they don't know, they have this feeling that they don't know what they're doing, okay? Now, read Influence by Robert Ciandini for more on this, but in his book, the first chapter, the highest driver of human behavior is what's called the consistency bias and the drive to appear consistent. It was valuable. Now, aside from these four things, what are some other things you can do to identify ruts? So that's why it works so well. Now, this scenario is gonna be more like maybe we were talking with them over Messenger, we moved it to a triage, now we're having a triage that was set, it was scheduled, and then this point of the triage is, again, to first sell the console, second to qualify after we get them booked. Done. So let's see what we can do here. Now, if you have a very high I person who's super, you know, really wants to kind of get to know you, you know, you want to maybe have a minute to 90 seconds to your tops. And we're going to use trust-based language within our skilled questions and really within our pitch in general. How many new appointments would you have with new potential clients last week? Like you are applying some pressure as the salesperson, but at the same time, there's a high degree of internal pressure because you're having the conversation the right way and the prospect's motivated to do things for their own reasons. What else did you like about it? Does anybody have questions on this so far? That's where we just demonstrate we're a normal human being. You're gonna have the calls at the same, like it's all gonna be one call, one flow, but you're gonna see how we transition from one script to another here. All of my coaches are in there. Then what the best way to transition is with a need payoff question to go into desire. Oh, yeah, some other clients did. Again, this one, usually in this scenario, these two strategies right here, it's all you need. Like we're, we're good in this situation. Let's pretend for a moment that you were to go ahead with something that would fix your lead generation. Gotcha, so I understand finances are tight right now. I need 30 around 30. They go through their entire pitch, it's three to five minutes. Just really, if you get red flags about their finances, like if the guy's a waiter, he's making $2,000 a month, well, we're going to go into that. This isn't where most of your closes are going to come from. Have a problem you can solve, have some money, have a goal that aligns with what you can help them with. The first one, and this is bad monotone pacing and very contained, not full range of expression. You want to throw those things in there too. Now, the next principle is ask questions you already know the answer to and never, never, never assume. Going once, going twice, going three times. But I usually go reason why the goal is important, connected to one other area of their life where, you know, personal life or something like that. So I mean, John, based on what you told me previously, I think that what we have going on over here might be a good fit for you. Are you exercising and moving daily? And then we want to attach clear numbers to the problem. Yeah, thanks. Not my specialty, but I do it because I know it works. Why not stay where you are, though? Now you said your goal is 20K a month. If you can't tell, I was high on the number three today. Another one is for health offers, current weight versus desired weight. I ask that in a way, because I know asking the biggest challenge to start off can be a little invasive, so I soften it. This is super duper simple. What could be improved? Now, if you create your pitch right, a lot of times, 80% of it's gonna be the same, 10 to 20% will be like a little bit of customization, OK? Is it going well? And actually, let's dive into the support and how all that works throughout the 12 weeks. But it looks, there it goes. And I always say, can I ask you a personal question? Or it might be something where they say, no, he's not going to be involved, and to be honest, they'll kind of see where you're going with this. So when they tell you that and more importantly tell themselves, they're bringing to the surface all of those emotions and all that baggage and those emotions are the emotions of change, okay? And I think if you do this, you can do this on all levels of sophistication too. So again, I just copy and pasted this from the last training, because this is how I would actually do it. Just from understanding, oh wow, I was doing all these things that were wrong, I needed to change and do all these other things. You can do it that way too. I don't think it's necessary to go through all of them, but you can read what I did here. I'm sure it's a lot, but, uh, yeah, man, honestly, that would be, that would be a dream right there because I mean, obviously I would spend more time with my family. And scale high-ticket companies. You're going to go in here, you're going to hit bumping this up. One of the emotions we wanna instill in the prospects to get them to buy is clarity and certainty, OK? So the purpose of this slash what we're looking for, number one is just clarity on what they want with a data point. But let's talk about these four things, because this is really gonna help you. So we're going to roll through these really quickly. You're going to be learning how to find offers, filter through offers, reach out to offers, get higher, get ramped up. You can use it to train all your current sales reps as well as the ones you all hire in the future because I know that's a question I'm gonna get, right? The two emotions are clarity and certainty, and the reason these are important is that clarity first lends to certainty. Do they, you know, have you shared with them that right now, like, lead generation's the biggest problem in your business and that you really wanna grow it? And it's not that they're bad, it's just that you have to increase the amount of touchpoints in order to actually get a hold of them. And I mean, I'd pretty much set it up to where I could do that all day, even if I had to spend more money to hire more people, you know what I mean? How do we create clarity? And that you're on the same side of the table as them on this stuff as well. Oh, by the way, he has me fill out also like a short little form for anybody I put on his calendar. We're talking about 7K and make 150, not just the rest of the year, but for your entire career, that's 1.5 million over the next 10 years. And what we're gonna make it is opposed to using fancy names, which you could use if it's pertinent. I asked, how much money would you have to make just to replace the amount of income that you're making full-time? And like, you, you see my language. And so it just builds this really good argument of, like, why this is so important, and why we're doing this, et cetera, okay? So in the beginning of the call, and actually let me pull up the rapport document here. And the tech calls in SDA for more granular help on workflow, tech, and setup. Sounds super natural. 20 K is what you did last month. Plus like I saw like Amazon and e-commerce not work out. What do you think she's gonna hear when she sees the price? But if you talk to any investor, they're more interested in minimizing their downside, and that's because over the long term, you're gonna gain much, much more progress by minimizing your loss than by trying to maximize your highs. So basically what I want to give you guys in those nine parts is like exactly, you know, knowing exactly what you're looking for in each part so that you can check that off the list and then move on. This is how you would wanna hedge that, okay? Like the main thing I'm after is, you know, getting my business off the ground and getting the, getting the 10 K a month. Okay, so this would be a different intro one. Clarity's important. I just wanted to throw them in here, because it all fluidly goes together as you chunk down from finances. Anything on that, or ready for number four? And then that was some steps I listed. Another one's having them call DM people in random Facebook groups. Regardless, so let's say I'm a 440 area code. And I will tell you right now, putting this together, I was really thinking to myself, I believe this is the best training in the entire training so far up until this point. OK, is that what you want to be charging, or how much do you really want to be charging? We're gonna go through the outbound script. I just don't, I don't, I'm not associated with why. So we always wanna know why. So we're just gonna explain how it's delivered and why it's delivered that way. Right, so this could also be looked at as benefit, benefit of the benefit, cost, right? So I just copy and pasted this off of this sheet. In exactly eight weeks, that's what this is all about, OK? What, how would you be spending your time when calls are totally off the table? It's just shifted So guys, there's a lot of scare tactics out there. The first one, as you may have heard, is the mirror. That's why you're on this call. So very, very simply, this one's so easy here, is what are we looking for? So when I say women who are able to step into their masculine while maintaining their feminine, that's what I mean is because it is a masculine energy in terms of sales. So there's seven beliefs, pain, doubt, cost, pain, doubt, cost, desire, money, support, trust, doubt. So that's important for you as the sales rep to understand. And it gets the prospect to acknowledge that they cannot figure it out on their own. I could be freaking leaving half of the money I'm generating. But I'll tell you why I would call it a vehicle because a big part in your income of closing is not just obviously having the right skill set. Okay, so here's an example of what, I mean, this is super old, this is back when we used to use Close. So ultimately, I can look back at these. And what happens is, there's gonna be times where you might show up for one day and be performing at 60%. So sometimes we'll create a little resistance, but depending on your rapport and trust, it's okay. But this little alignment bit here is a very preeminent way, meaning like, you're framing, let's not only reschedule, but get your partner on the call, and you're framing that so that it's in the prospect's best interests, right? I'm, okay, yeah. So Russell Brunson talks about this in Expert Secrets, but it's a concept that has been talked about in direct response for a long time. Talk soon. Was in terms of doubt, man, like your doubt is like some of the best ways, chunking down is also, it's like widening the gap, but it's also letting them like, it's helping them realize how bad their problem really is. And that trust and that authority was never going to be built, you know? It acts as like the thing they need to buy into, and they're buying into this path, this four-step path being their path to success, their path from current situation to desired situation. So it's gonna make perfect sense for the prospect, but their mind's naturally gonna drift from the what to well, like, how does it work, okay? Just to, that's not me. And really, when I got on the call, it was about diagnosing the problem, fixing the problem, and then helping the prospect and selling them on a way to think, okay? So I'm going to be breaking down what I'm doing as I'm doing it, etc. Either they're going to be like, oh, I definitely have to change, or no, oh my god, that would be horrible. Well, the first thing really before that, so that's totally cool. Listen to it when you're cooking. I know exactly what our clients are doing to crush it right now and have the result that you want. This is like 90% of objection handling is this. So you're more going into like the wine now that sudden shift, uh, cause they're, I think they're a little bit different. I'm all about the impact. So and this is where a lot of times we're gonna have to be a leader and take a stand for them. So which one of those do you think that is? Puts them in a pattern. Like they may, you know, you two-step them or something. Uh, I was thinking cover the spouse objection. So that's why I'm using those months. And this also, this type of language applies, that like, you also don't work with everybody and you're looking for clients who are 100% committed. This is from 7 FSA 1.0, but we just kept it pretty much as is just because it's spot on. Okay, basic, and by the way, guys, when people attend these calls, they say it's always the most helpful, okay? Just want to see what you do. Anytime you start coaching the prospect, you're pulling the conversation back up to the surface and a lot of times when you coach them, it has the chance to derail the conversation and it becomes very, very natural for the prospect to start to redirect the conversation to, so what do you do, right? And this is probably the hardest one, but it's so, so true. But essentially, we're in this information gathering phase. So I just hit long term vision to just hit income goal. Now, why is this no longer ideal? Oh, so you're like full time. One being like, I like- So re-temp check. So so far, we've covered all of this. So that is critical. Okay, so gotcha. I just like to make assumptions. But it's actually an error technically. And so I like, I see like this really like strong, like juxtaposition between the two. Has all the functionality we need. Hey, is this Brian? Like, a lot of people, you know, once coached this team, and, you know, the owner was, like, backseat coaching as I was coaching the team. We're also gonna meet twice a week for a sales clinic. So we can position our solution as exactly what they're looking for. And then after we're done with all of that, we're gonna cover how to properly answer the prospect's questions about your program. It's great. But most of these guys, just pitch them, okay? And this is a great way, you know, we're really not using Slack as a workflow or how to call, but it's a good way to let people know new leads are coming in. It works way better than email list. If I would do something stupid like this, it would actually cost me more than to process a small deposit. You know, I can figure out a lot of stuff on my own, but when it comes to like, like what you're asking about, do you have a process for the next step? I'm like, all right, man, we got to reschedule. So some meetings, you do need to spend the training portion of the meeting on the setters. Yeah, I mean, like I was telling you, like there was 100 people on those group calls, it was just awful, and then you dig into that, then you handle it, okay? Cool, one, two, three, four. So cadence for outbound dials, okay? So they haven't tried to fix it in the past, if that makes sense. Pitch codex, OK? We're going to cover all this later. So they tell themselves that more importantly. What does she think about you transitioning out of the testy old nine to five? This is gonna be a triage call breakdown. Because one of the ways we show dominance is through taking up space, not only through our body language, but through our voice and our expression, okay? And a lot of times, they're going to say yes. Right, and then, well, ultimately, and then they give you the ultimate goal, right? In this training we're going to talk about the common sales myths, we're going to debunk those really, really fast and get through those and then we're going to talk about the three winning sales, or not sales frames, but the three winning frames you must hold on your coals. Then they don't have lead flow. So, that's another thing you can do here as well, this impact one workflow. So ultimately if you were able to generate five quality leads per day consistently and predictably for the next three months, I mean, what would that do and what would that change for the business? 100%. So a good segue into that is, okay, and would your partner be working with us on this project too, or would it just be you? Do you have a clean sheet of paper, something to take notes with, ready to dive in, okay? What that's gonna do is it's gonna ramp my physiology and it's going to inspire me. So I want to get them to make sure that he's a, even though he told me he's a 9.5 out of 10, I'm going to go back and retempt you. And I barely have to hold their hands either. And then you're going to frame the call. Well, instead of canceling them, we just keep it at the same time, transfer ownership to the setter, drop it down to a 15-minute appointment. I just found that about you guys. That's our leading indicators. They can help you. So the narrative my guess is going to be How much it's moving from well, I'm not concerned about the competition now I'm concerned about the environment so What we teach it's the fundamentals that help you navigate both the environment in the competition Now what shifted is the emphasis from the competition to how do you stand out against the environment? No, I guess like, I guess I'm just a little curious. But, I'm curious, did you ask me that for a reason? Now with pain, the pain belief is that the prospect must believe they have a problem that's keeping them from getting what they want. He's like the best I've ever seen at that. You know, he was thinking maybe a couple hundred bucks a month or you know, a couple 500 a session, not 3k up front. Let's get going. So what we're doing here is we're just stretching the pain a little bit and we're going to do this through a couple of different types of questions and this will all come, you know, kind of work fluidly together. That way, we can take what's in the training and apply it to your specific situation, offer, role play, and really submit an event because people wanna know, hey, is this gonna work for my offer? Then it was like, I like, the whole, like, this whole year, like, I've been, like, kind of trying to do stuff on the side, you know? And this is not saying that some of this stuff can't work. In fact, I recommend like two of the explanations be a little bit more intensive, and then the other two be pretty like damn simple. What's going on with the lead gen stuff exactly? So and I think I got this word for word from Oron Claff, but this is really important because remember we're only able to influence people on the outside of what we have on the inside. And really, this should be more of like our target, right? What about the week before? Right now, based on what you're telling me, you guys aren't on the same page. You can look at my example, and then practice it out loud dozens of times, and rewrite this in your own syntax, okay? So hopefully, that makes sense. I'm the clear leader. So that's one. Even the president of the United States, he'd probably just get the fuck off the sidewalk, you know? Then after that, we state the delivery, which, if you do these two properly, they're gonna be like, okay, this makes perfect sense, sounds like what I need, like, how does it work? Because the more open and honest about where you're at, the better this is going to go. Before finding us, have you been out there looking for anything else that would give you what you're wanting here? I was just calling about the ultimate guide to hiring A-player sales reps that you downloaded from Cole Gordon. Oh, yeah, that definitely would have an impact on me. And then finally, enjoying the process and having fun. They want to do these big 15 to 25k packages for your agency, right? You see how much more, and like, look, the response rate on that's not gonna be 100%, but you see how much more valuable that is than, hey, you ready to buy, right? It's just not pertinent, okay? But just since it was, like, my literally first call ever doing one of these, I just really hadn't kind of built out my argument for that yet. Obviously through your marketing, you have retargeting, email, SMS, Facebook group, all of those channels can get those old leads to raise their hand again, and then your setters can follow up with them because now it's new flow again, right? Now, a lot of people get a little bit weird about this because they have authority in their marketplace and they feel like they can really help people and they feel like if they coach them, it helps them build authority and value and gives them more leadership in the call and to an extent, I do believe that to be true, but do not coach the prospect in the discovery portion of the call because what happens is you're going deeper and deeper and deeper into your discovery based on asking questions about what the prospect's saying and using Socratic dialogue like what we teach, right? This is what our setters are currently using. So, what's key here, and we don't want to do this for every pillar, but if you have four pillars, I'd say at least do it for two, maybe three. And then you can follow up, why now, though? You want to paint the picture as clear as possible on what's on the other side. Okay, I have to give you guys all these resources, do the process map. Moving on to strategy four. And texting, emailing, trying to get a hold of these people. And by the way, I wrote these all from my offer, for instance, just because it was an easy example. So then I state the features. So after we tie down each of the pillars, okay? Like, that's what you're looking for. For you specifically, it's four things, four steps to go from current situation to desired situation in time frame. We're talking about time. And I put here like a sedentary, which means they don't exercise, dehydrated and sleep-deprived salesperson who's running on junk food for a week is not gonna be able to perform at his highest capability, even if he has like the world-class mindset, all right? So I'm kind of doing a little bit of a blend here. You're interrupting the pattern. And we point out the only guarantee in business is that there's going to be problems, right? And usually from that call breakdown alone, people start closing an additional deal or two a week, right? Okay, that's huge. It's just giving you some examples here. Well, what is your plan if the next three years are like the last three years? I want to use these after solution questions or finances, OK? What's the purpose of these questions slash what are we looking for? Now, external pressure is not necessarily bad. For instance, my biggest challenge is generating leads. I got that from Eli Wild. Five or six? And finally, the third criteria is they have a clear SOP on how to capitalize on that opportunity and turn that opportunity into a set for the closer, okay? And he would have said, either he's super familiar, he wants to do it, he's already decided he's going to do it, or kind of familiar, but I don't really know, which is probably like the general response or not at all. What the committing phase is, first, that's what we're gonna cover, what it is, as well as the different parts, okay? So if you go back up to here, technically these questions, here they are. They're going to ask about the program. We do that by checking all of these boxes. Nothing really rocket science guys here. No. Cool. Now if there's no problem, there's no sale. 30, 60 minutes a day role playing, reading out loud. So here's the thing is the more clearly we can define current state versus desired state, the more clear the gap will be between those two places. Is there anything else you feel like we haven't covered that you feel like I need to know? And with that being said, it is January 3rd. So certain language, high-level promise, again, guys, like, you know, I've had people send me, guys, what did you think about my high-level promise and my script? Well, let me ask you a question, then. Then finally, trust. It's like, you ask them again, and then, they actually give you the real answer. And then this is kind of a unique mechanism here, re-offers, to be able to get people back on the phone who originally didn't buy. So that brings us down to two and a half grand a month. All right, well, you know, in that case, it's not really going to make sense for you to get the librarian on the call, right? That's the whole point of this process. So there's some future pacing language here. You cut out a little bit at the end there, but I think I know what your question was, but I would basically, I mean, I would do the same thing I'm doing now, but instead of being on the phones, I would be able to basically the way I have. So we wanna go deeper first. When you ask them how many leads, how many new potential conversations with new potential clients that they have last week, what do they usually say? Why do you feel like that's the biggest challenge overall? Now we're all up in what's going on with his finances without it being invasive. Only after that second call do they leave a voicemail, text, email. And then closes, you know, I put here 30 to 40%. And just to use your logic is just an advantage for us. But let's say you do this, they give you a little goal, what's our plan of action? Because we knew that was an easy way to get that second decision-maker on that next call and get them in a buying situation while we still maintain leadership opposed to giving the one guy all the information and then he has to get back to us after he talks to his partner, right? And our certainty must overcome their doubt, all right? So, you know, how much do you weigh currently, right? What are we after here? And usually, you'll see, as you've seen, we're using that as a follow-up. The part two is the main part. 90% of the time, I'm going to do those solution questions. So really like the best way to embody this, like if you feel like you're ever reading from a script and you sound like you're reading from a script, you need to read this so many times where it becomes burned into your brain, like it's inside of your being to where you can just basically kind of just like look at this section of the call on your script and just boom, just reel it off. It is like my secret weapon. So you see how that works, OK? There's times where you do need to use context to justify why you're asking the question, especially if it's an invasive question like financials and like cost sometimes, like what's gonna happen if it doesn't change? Or do you have any other sources of income or, okay, and does that include taxes or is that without taxes? So we're gonna go over into really the differences you're gonna make in frame the call, the differences in the transition, how to book the second call, and then how to do that recap before the pitch. And I kind of accentuated that in this breakdown here. And then what's great about the last 24 hours, I always talk about what did I learn today. So that's why I was like, gotcha. If you're not getting this now, believe me, we'll, we'll get it on the call reviews. He's, he's, that's who I learned it from. What, like a response like that, what does that tell me? You're gonna learn about this in the next video. So what's the personal goals that this monetary goal would allow you to achieve? Then we're gonna go into discovery where the main thing we wanna focus on in the triage is just a full understanding on the problem, okay? So, you know, how many actual like real dates did you have last week? We're going to do that at the very beginning. And then just make sure you're kind of expanding, and then once you get to, well, I'd really like to get this to 50 grand a month. So I'll give you the actual scripts and like ways to do this later in the training, but just a few examples, like for instance, if you do a client interview, the salespeople can tag a similar person in the Facebook group to check out the interview, okay? So number one, when they opt in, we're going to text them immediately, okay? So if that's a pain point for the last program, you can position your solution differently around that. So you see how this is like, it's tangible. Now, the traditional way of pitching. I know it's going to change. I would say like a 9.5. Gotcha, cool. If you played sports in high school and college, I know I did, this will hit home with you 100%. Right, so we can ask them in the pain section too. Now, let me point out here, this is kind of like almost like our, we're getting into our like our DEF CON last resort type of stuff down here. And now the willingness is there. There's other softwares, but Allaware does seem to integrate the best with HubSpot. You should really be doing two to three one-on-ones per week with each setter until that setter gets converting, and then you can do either one per week or eventually one every other week. They're like, eh, I kind of got a process, but like, yeah, I'm going to probably need help with that too. However, it is also true that these types of calls are a lot more emotional buys than let's say a company doing 20 million a year on Amazon trying to get to 50 million, okay? So the key elements of this is, this is where you risk getting into the weeds. Obviously, right now, it's November. So as these come up, we wanna handle them a specific way, okay? But like when we get these Slack notifications, they come in like this, right? It's fine. Sometimes you slip up, you still fall into a rut. No, gotcha. And I can just copy and paste that every single time. Here's, here's how I think about it. And I plan every week before the week, too. Now doubt is the belief that the prospect must believe they cannot fix this problem on their own or attempting to do so would waste unnecessary resources in the form of time and money given all of the other avenues available to them, aka your offer. There's how you were brought up from your parents. It was just a matter of time. So I'm like, okay, well, that makes sense. And you can even say here, well, I wanna be realistic, because you get some people just the way their mind works. And I feel like I'm trapped every single day because if I don't go repeat that, then where's the money going to come from? Now, we're in part two where we're gonna be in pitching and committing phase, okay? Think about it this way. What's up guys, Cole here and welcome to week four where we cover the second part of the sales process, pitching and closing, okay? So I'm stretching time. So that's why I wanna do one for you guys right when you get in, within the first couple of weeks. As of anything, this is not something to where you do not read all of these line by line by line off of the script. If you can increase your volume high enough, especially as like a solopreneur, but even a sales rep, it's almost impossible to miss your projections, okay? So, we can realign to make sure and it could be look like this is a big, big dream here, but maybe it's just the person wants to travel the world and then also be able to pay for his wife so she doesn't have to work. Obviously, I don't think I put it this nicely, but I reframed it as more of a risk. And I'll be like, what was your projection? Beautiful. So anyhow, let's talk about putting yourself in a position to win in setting projections, okay? Or is that another thing that you would need our help doing? So is that working well for you? Because you know how early on the call, you were mentioning your lead gens purely based on referrals, which kind of makes your business subject to seasonality and the ups and downs. So you always want to like, any thoughts? I've done both, okay? And this often solves the core issue. And why, like, some of the mistakes they're making are real problems, and what's gonna happen if they don't change them? That's why I write it down. We have this whole pain point here. About 4,000. Well, right now, I mean, I, when a client gets onboarded and they go through a process, it's just easy because you know, they, you know, it's pretty straightforward. And how do we catch it sooner? Yeah, dude. Otherwise, if you just do this, you wouldn't get the objections in the first place. Like, one of the biggest things that's really going to help your offer, and this is not as much in, like, your pitch, but especially just with, like, your fulfillment, is, like, if they can just get some super fast, easy results right away, and that'll hook them into the program. One, are they able? We're gonna teach you all that in the program, but again, the real money is in prolific asset creation, okay, so these are things like doing live webinar trainings, coming out with new booklets, new PDF guides, doing a one-off $47 masterclass or a one-off low-ticket product promotion, okay? So for weight loss, it might be, you might drop a statistic like 70% of dieters, once they lose the weight, they don't keep it off. Are you guys 50-50? And that's because we do X, Y, and Z, and it allows you to have X and keep the weight off and so on and so forth. So I give an example here, and then finally, the last step, kind of already told you this, you know, assimilate this all together. And especially for people who are unsophisticated B2C markets, um, and they've, if they haven't heard this before, this kind of puts them at ease so they know what's next. It's pretty rare. Oh, no, no, if I got to five grand a month, you know, then it'd be 10, and then it'd be 15, and then 20, and then, you know, the sky's the limit. I didn't get the biggest thing in the world, right? Now, you closed those two for what price point? Now here is, this is critical. And look, the reason why I'm asking this question is it's really important for us for you to hit your financial goals, but we don't want you to just become more wealthy and more profitable and more lucrative as a business. So for instance, a lot of what my guys say on the phone when they call these folks is exactly the same every single time. People are compliant, we dig into finances, they feel like I'm being helpful. Okay, we don't want to do that, right? So, first name. Because once you establish like, oh yeah, dude, my wife's like freaking wants to kill me. But then when you come on the call, just trust, like clear your mind, be totally present, be totally focusing on the other person and trust yourself that you'll do the right thing spontaneously in the moment. It just saves you being in a slump for a week. I barely have time for the kids and I'm missing soccer games and I haven't been on a date night with her. Nope, don't know how to do that, right? Then, in this video here, it's gonna link you to another week of training. And they were actually getting the same amount of sets per week overall, their closers calendars were full, but the quality, the efficiency, all of that stuff went up. So support, business partner, spouse. Then probably the, what we can do after that if, if we're keeping the train going pretty well is actually go over the pitch and you can see I'm applying all these frameworks and I think it's just going to simplify things a lot for you guys and make the calls a lot more fun. 10 being, okay, this sounds like exactly what I need. So there's a little bit of future pacing here. It's just, it's just a matter of talking with my parents. I see this a lot. Do you know how many calories you ate over the weekend? Because a lot of times to get clear on the pain, you got to get clear on their background as well. They do go two hours. And then I've used this one and it's really effective too. And then, we can have a playful, leadership-based conversation of like, come on, man, like, you know you're better than that. All that kind of stuff. We might ask those types of questions that are fairly easy before we ask a question like, well, what's your plan if something changes or why is this important now though, you know? Now, my process is structured like that. And to get this started, so when do we use these? Like, dude, I'm just fucking done with this. If they haven't seen it, if they have seen it, then that's a great sign, okay? So then you're done, then you know, right? You feel like you've got to explain it like they're in third grade sometimes. That was the biggest fear. Now, in the old 7 FSA 1.0, there was, I taught three transitions. But if this is a set and scheduled triage from either any of these scenarios up here, then you're gonna start to call and have a little bit of rapport or frame really, really fast, okay? And as we know, if you're in your head, you're dead. They're just like, yeah, we got five group coaching calls a week. He can become the setter lead is what we call it, and he can do a lot of this stuff for you. So that's it for this training, guys, and we'll see you in the next training. And I just feel like it's very, very compelling. So then we're getting back into the cost and the urgency. So that is doubt. And your prospect will sense, like they'll be like no other salesperson has ever been that present and that engaged with me. And then once you're done with that, I'm gonna personally hop on a one-on-one with you. Cause I just differentiated all of it. Before we get into it, I just wanna give credit to Taylor Welch from Sales Mentor and Traffic and Funnels. Obviously, you tailor this stuff to the people you're speaking with. So, that'll provide you with a little bit of sense of security that you're not gonna get with most salespeople. Super simple, same formula. Like, I'm not even, like, this is not, does not even phase me, okay? No. Yeah, me neither. And then you're bringing negative energy into the call, you're bringing doubt, you're bringing uncertainty into the call and you're now you're transferring down to other people. In terms of pitching, you can't explain how you can help somebody if you don't know what the problem is because your pitch is about solving the problem. But this just seemed like a potential route. So I feel like we covered a lot of ground here. And then that way, it's coming off authentically every single time. So I wanna get you guys both on the call, because even if you don't work with us, if it's not the best thing for you right now, I want you guys to both get clarity on what the problem is and also what the solution needs to be to it so that you guys can make the best decision for your business moving forward, be that us or be that anybody else out there. And then I would also consider asking, like in this situation, what I would ask is a clarifying question. I mean like, it sounds good and like sales makes sense to me. So we wanna keep those a little bit lighter, because these have been a little bit dense, okay? Now it's really important to understand this cool framework I learned called the buying pocket. Now, when the path of least resistance from current situation to desired situation is your offer, the prospect's going to buy. Are you asking that question? You guys enjoyed it. And I think a lot of the reasons why people work with me is because, I mean, I kind of earned that trust and like, I can't plug someone into a system. And I hate that decision because I wish I could let the seven grand go and be okay with it. Let's just pretend for a second you would move forward with something like this. And I would define it like quantitatively as a 10% drop in your closing percentage, and we're talking call to close, all right? So it can be a part of it, but it's not going to be the centerpiece. Did you review your vision today and write out your goals? But I want to make sure you guys know at least what we're kind of going for here. If we're gonna create a multiple six figure income remote closing, obviously the first thing we have to focus on is developing your skillset as a sales closer, okay? So we do wanna script it out so we can get clear on what we wanna say, but we wanna drill that into our brain so it's 100% natural, okay? So it really digs them in. That's tough. Well, obviously, you're running an ad. Because that prospect's very cold. That's why we set projections is because it helps us learn these inputs equal those outputs, right? That's a sound of belief, all right? So I would have said, is there anything else you feel like I need to know? So if you go back over to the information gathering sheet, possibly the most important document in the entire program, we're going to go up to vision and desire. You're going to say that on the front end so it doesn't become this objection. Or sometimes we have to alleviate it and then other times they have ego, we have to build it or create the doubt. So, that is going to be it for the video portion of this training. So, don't, like, don't ask, what do you mean? So just keep that in mind. And because those two are there, you can create a consistent process around that. So after helping hundreds of clients bring on setters, build their setting team, I've really narrowed down probably the four to five biggest common pitfalls we see time and time again. More income, right? And just know if you ever screw it up and you ever misdiagnosed somebody that we can't help, we'll make it right, dude. He's a smart guy Oh Mike Bernard got it. They get in, you know, we've got a really dialed offer and they move forward with it and there's not a whole lot of handholding, which is great, but everything else that I'm doing, I'm either on the phones or I'm getting people on the phones or I'm getting off the phone to get on the phone again. Or do you want to show up as somebody who can be a leader and who even in places of discomfort and uncertainty can know, can make the decisions they know they need to make in their gut to be able to do the best things for not only themselves, but for their family, even though it's uncomfortable. So, you're really checking for that certainty and that engagement with their tonality, and then, obviously, you want them to be like, yeah, that sounds like exactly what I need. So if they want financial freedom, they want to have their own real estate team that's two or three buyers agents who are crushing it. We have all of these listed out, and we're going to be going through them bit by bit. Are they on the same page about you growing your business? But I mean, you might ask, Hey, what have you tried in the past and to fix this? Gotcha, well, why now, though? And I really hate to ask this, but what's your plan if, say, six months goes by and nothing changes, and you're still month to month? Few more key distinctions, and this one's actually really, really big. Then we'll get into the most important parts, which are the examples. He was doing weight loss for moms, and he was really good at what he did. And if they're like, oh, just because I can't do it, are you willing to let the money get in the way of having your dream? It was there for ROI. I'm in there. Like, they don't want to, there's that kind of innate shame there. Now, earlier on the call, you mentioned you wanna get a mortgage, you wanna hire your wife, you wanna be able to travel, send the kids to private school. They're saying, well, who wants to do that? So just to give credit where credit's due, I first got this kind of illustration from Travis Sago. So the first thing is we wanna get clear on what they really want, right, the transformation. It's like not only does buying with you essentially have to be the obvious, less painful path of least resistance route, but at the same time, everybody has an innate action threshold and the perception of doing nothing, the pain associated with doing nothing both now and in the future of this problem just continuing on or even getting worse has to be far, far greater than their action threshold. Oh, this is the follow up guys. A lot of the way is the same question, it's a great question, it's taught is what's stopping you from getting to $100,000 a month on your own. Like, you can tell he's seen this problem, he's fixed this problem a thousand freaking times, okay? Like, worst case scenario, I was getting freaking 10, period, okay? And we do this through what I call high performance rituals. Aside from speaking with me, have you been out there looking for similar products that would solve problems? And then that way I can only share with you the aspects in terms of budgeting that are going to be relevant and specific to your situation, specifically being over options in terms of that. Whose decision is that? So this video might be the new version but if it seems like it's old or it's referencing stuff that's kind of out of context, that's why. And usually when that happens, you just kind of accept what he's saying to be true. I just know a lot of you guys are doing this for the first time. It's very non-sales pressure-y, but you're basically creating a void, and then they're stepping closer into being more invested with you. So now that we know what actually the beliefs are, let's talk about how to build the beliefs, and particularly how we do that through Socratic dialogue. Just extend it out a little bit more, but you don't want to do anything crazy. And I would just go through that. And then at the end of the day, I just felt like I was buying a very expensive course, and I just don't really wanna do that again, which is why I was asking, okay? So this systematized type of opportunity here is what's going to allow scalability for your setter team. Now, don't get too worried about the script, okay? So when we get objections, no matter what, what we always wanna do is there's three types. So I've also seen this as very, you could do this, and it can work. Send you over that training. Homework, now I'm getting him doing stuff for me. And it was, boom, that was it. So just to leave you with a story, when I launched the sales team accelerator offer, which is one of our core offers, I went through this whole process. But there's a few questions here. That's another curated opportunity. Understand if and how you can help them eliminate objections before the close. We want to get real precise with that and then qualify it. And you say, oh, my name's Cole, you have resolve, right? And it's like, I want to be like, well, dude, are you sure, okay? I'm going to be genuinely concerned, OK? And then this is going to be pretty dense up here, guys. There's the Ramp-Up phase, and the Optimization phase, okay? Qualified answers, 5%. And it's a question about kind of temperature checking the timing, okay? So this is a really good example, I think. Let's say you sell lead generation services. It just depends on what your offer is. So we just chunked it down to where I started that by saying and you can do this for like everything I do it for lead generation all the time I started by saying So what we found Working with dozens of clients is like one of the most important things to be up to be able to actually Do this outcome successfully find and recruit sales reps? I just didn't get it to support. I just know you're gonna have questions on it, so I just figured I'm just gonna give you two things. So these later two pillars, three and four, are gonna be pretty light, and just focused on future pacing. Well, once we get the first three pillars down, the last thing we'll do is start to put the right systems in place to bring on your first couple of sales reps so that you don't have to take the calls anymore yourself and you can start working on the business, not in the business, which ultimately is gonna allow you to have a sense of freedom in which you can go on a week-long vacation without the laptop attached to your side, like you said. Which makes it really. So your promise, your bridge, your delivery, then we're now in the committing phase, and there's three parts, temperature check, next steps, investment, okay? So start to ask yourself these questions so we can diagnose. So I'm going to start to go deeper into questions like these. So how do we get in the flow? At the end, just dude, look at your track record. I can take care of the rest. Just don't try to think that's more important than like having a proper normal dialogue with a person and being able to have a decent amount of behavioral flexibility. A lot of times, or maybe it is, but as a salesperson, it certainly is, okay? That there's certainty that this is the right thing, now's the right time. I just wanted to denote that and sort of spend some time emphasizing this. And to go along with this, I can really put this into this one, is it should be tied to other areas in their life, right? I might just bring it up randomly two or three times casually in the conversation again. So I get tons, and tons, and tons, and tons. So let me know if this makes sense, I know that's a small distinction and look, sometimes you'll do it like this and you're still going to get the outcome that you want. But really, the only purpose of this section, getting the full understanding of the problem and understanding the goal for that matter, is to understand if and how we can help somebody, okay? And typically, I recommend you can usually get so much out of just the group joins and text just through chat. Okay, great, well, the next question we wanna ask, we don't wanna ask any probing questions, just understand, then we wanna see, well, what are they currently trying to do to fix the problem right now, okay? There's part one and part two. So I would narrow it down to two or three ways that you're gonna deliver the bridge, the pillars, okay? But if you're getting 40% to 50% on ice cold traffic, people who were a couple of days before didn't even know who you were, and that offer's pretty dang high price, and you're calculating close rate by call to close, not offer to close, and you're not counting deposits, 50% is pretty damn good, OK? Just don't, don't make it too complicated for people that don't know their numbers. So I'll usually like, I'll, I'll be cognizant of applying that over and over and over again, but it's really important with this first question. Kind of makes sense, right? And then you're good. Use silence, pause, listen to them, probe, go deeper, ask questions, clarify, so on and so forth. What I will say is that the setter processes are the same for both models, okay? So the curriculum's gonna be as follows. That's why they're called background questions. You know, goal, revenue, boom. We've thrown in a little bit of like seeing where he's at financially. Probably 10th time I've said that, but super important. And so like, he is very, very thoughtful and no question I'll ever be invasive. So I made a technical error, but it's not a huge one. So initially, when something like this comes up, what you're first gonna wanna do is like diffuse it, okay? And they'll be like, oh, no, just hit me with it. I can pretty much walk you through how everything works, A to Z, if you'd like, but it's all where you want to go. We wanna be 85 to 90% of performance capacity every single day, okay? Okay, are you the 100% sole owner? Cool, nothing at all? I do think in a lot of industries and offers, I have one of the best syntaxes and scripts, if you would call it that, that you could have. My biggest challenge is I'm not clear on my offer. So, things to note regarding week three, common pitfalls, things you should know before we get into it. I'll stop sharing. The first one is a unique mechanism. So just be smart here. Now, another good question that's just kind of a general probing question I threw in here. So I don't want to exhaust you guys. And then I kind of anchor some contrast in here. And then it's like, I have so many fucking calls. Now, it's like, anything that he says, more influential, like, should it be more influential because he's famous? I guess every once in a while, I'll run into a situation where I'm, I feel like I need to establish more doubt, but I don't wanna be too heady or forceful about doing it. So, basically, what I did is it's the same one, I just added on to it from the last training. It's not going to come up like that. This is like scale of one to 10, your confidence level here. They had a support email inbox, but when I'd email in, they'd tell me to wait for the group calls, and then on the group calls, I'd hardly get any support. And I mean, killing it like I was closing 60, 70. That's not something I always, you know, for me, when I ask questions, I'm going to get the damn answer. What's happening right now in your business? And then, they have to think about it, right? Like, like almost to the point of like, so, you know, you dive into for us, it's mostly lead generation, right? Now, what questions do you have for me? So that is it for week one. The thing to watch out for though, is while there is massive demand, and I mean massive demand, the problem is a lot of these opportunities aren't created equal, okay? But we also want to take that and connect it to, like, one other area of their life that's sort of unrelated, right? Quantitatively, and qualitatively, okay? Okay, that's very, very salesy, and people think that's the right thing to do, and it's not, okay? So now let's talk about information gathering best practices. So it's good to hear you're a 9.5 because that's about as close to 100% certain as you're ever going to be, right? Technically to me, that's a pain question. And then the next video after that is gonna show you the adjustments that you need to make if you have a two-call close, okay? But like, you know, that, that might be a little bit like they feel like you're being judgmental parent opposed to nurturing parent. Now, all that being said, things to note regarding week two, common pitfalls to watch out for, et cetera. And then, we don't wanna do this on everyone, but two to three out of the four, we wanna say, does that make sense? So it's not like I was coaching them on how to install their Facebook pixel, it was more coaching them on how to think. What's the biggest thing you're looking for help with is a softener to the challenge. So these two rule of thumbs we always stick by internally. You know, as long as they're hitting their numbers, I'll probably send this over to the top guy and say, hey, test this. So we're gonna wanna make sure we hit all of these, which helps us find out, one, if and how we can help the person, and two, helps us eliminate objections before the close. How do you reframe when they say they don't want to? And then they get the fulfillment systems in place. I would still go through this week's worth of training, whether you're a high-performing sales rep or a business owner. So you see how he just, and then look there, I could have paused and he probably would have, see, that was a little quick that I jumped in. So we'll say something like this, we'll say, oh, and by the way, Mitchell has me fill out a short form for anybody I put on this calendar, I can probably do most of it myself, but would you just like help me out, take like an extra minute or two, and help me fill this thing out so he can get brought up to speed on what we talked about today, just so you guys can really hit the ground running? Once you're done with that, we'll hop on a one-on-one where we map out your implementation pathway. So I really hammered this, I think you get the point, but just make sure you save that for the information gathering phase. So when they get to, when they know their numbers, it's bad, especially like with this example, you know, how are you currently getting dates with girls? So now I'm gonna have to handle this one. Like in terms of commissions, in terms of income, just like everything, you know, ultimately what's the goal? What it does mean is that you need to have a successful way of thinking, and you need to know how people who are at that level or above that level think and how they make decisions, and you need to transfer that thinking to the prospect. I'm not trying to broaden at you because I've done the same thing. I think, I mean, like I'm only, I'm only 21, right? You can start working in the business, not on the business. Do they also know it's a problem, or are you guys on the same page? And believe me, I never went back because it's that powerful. Here's the link. We don't need to go like crazy into the pain, make them cry, you know, ask cost questions, whine out questions. So, you're using that case study or that status drop to prove the point you were making to be true, okay? And then like, they're just like always on top of everybody for like stupid stuff. I mean, to be candid, guys, like I don't, I have never even like touched this thing. You're going to ask like two, you know, three, and then you can use these to dig in a little bit further. A lot of our clients do it up front. Could be anything, but it's just like most of the time you'll get compliance here. I still think I'd have to talk to my wife. I don't know if that's verbatim, the quote, but he says that all the time. It's 10K to get 50 grand a month, right? Because if you just kind of throw a case study story at them, just randomly, they know what you're doing. So it's got a bunch of different stuff in terms of scripting and objections and how to ask the questions and so on. So that's what I say here. Like, what are your other goals, personal goals that you want your business to have that you want your business to allow you to achieve or your career to allow you to achieve? Or a big one is taking in information consistently that's supporting a different vision than what your vision is that you need to be doing right now. They're not asking for information about the program, but they're raising their hand for something else. So, what we're going to do is use what's called clarifying questions, all right? A lot of people get really intimidated by these doctors, but what you have to understand is that when the context change, now when we're talking about his paid advertising that he knows nothing about, you are the expert and you hold the frame, not him. Allaware support and also our tech call. That's curated opportunity as well. Nine or a 10's good. As long as you do them, as long as you check these eight boxes, okay? You know, I'm just curious and I'm getting him to justify his position. You'll probably ask like two or three out of like each of these sections based on what the prospect says. Well, why not, though? I probably went over that one with you before. Now here's why, and then I would have went into why. Then tie down. Just lead in there naturally. The high-level outcome, and then I'm tying it to the benefits of that outcome and the benefits of that benefit. Any questions on that, they say no. Sound good? But as of right now, I'm gonna tell you the high-level stuff, and then I'm also gonna refer you to our tech call, which is in the SDA group. Because I'm trying to trace it back to the moment of the decision where somebody drew the line in the sand and was like, F this, I'm out. Now for ROI offers, when you start to talk about lead gen, obviously you can parlay this in the finances. Ah, good question. It doesn't matter how healthy you're eating if you're eating more calories than you burn. You wanna go back into your journals, listen to call reviews, and then once you do that, forgive yourself, get back to baseline, make the changes, and then journal about the lessons and your end of days and end of weeks so you can avoid it happening again, all right? You're going to learn later in the training to get their exact cash on hand, their checking account, their savings account, what exactly is in there, their credit score, the amount of money that's coming in, in the next 30 days. After that, it's gonna be sales best practices, which is kinda some mindset, pre-call stuff you need to know before going into the call. So, this is a really, really good one. So it's sometimes like they come on and they want, you know, to build an Amazon FBA store or whatever it is. So it's gonna be really important for you guys. And like, if I like, so there's not like, if I don't get a job in 90 days, I get a refund. Basically, we already covered new opportunity streams coming in. So obviously, we just took his ego down a few notches, right? And what this basically means here is dips in performance that you're gonna have, those are natural in the short term, okay? So it just depends. Or are you just saying bye? That's the only guarantee that you have. And as we get into vision and desire, I mean, when can we use this? So on number one, right, skill development. I can't do anything. But they could be off the phone and also still have a recruiting problem, right? I typically like to use these questions after I get through pain, background, doubt, and finances and before the cost questions, hence where I put it in the syntax. Two things on a sales call, that's it. But we also don't want to be an idiot and be like, do you want me to tell you what I do? Once I use up all of these people, then that's where I'm going to have my second instance of Allower opened with PowerDialer. Right, so that's how I position that one. Like make your damn calls in meditation. So, here's some different contexts of how this is gonna happen, okay? That is a key phrase, guys, especially for this first pillar. What have they tried in general to fix their lead generation problems in the past? So still, it's gonna look very, very similar to what we just went through, okay? For sure, yeah, and I can give you some insight on that because, honestly, probably about five years ago now, I was doing a lot of the same stuff, like, had my own agency, I mean, you're selling for Pinterest, so kind of a little bit different, but I had an agency, at the same time, on the side, I was trying to do, like, e-com, Amazon, all the stupid shit all at once, right? And we invited you and connect you with a couple of reps that could actually take over for you and who had some sales experience. Well, we don't wanna do that, okay? So last month I, um, I didn't really pay myself out of that because we were dealing with some big expenses from, from January. Upward Inflecting, Upward Inflecting. You mentioned you don't really have a biggest challenge, but like, what's the biggest reason you're not already at 50 grand a month? As I used to have a coach or a client who was a dating coach and he was having a sales call with an attorney. And we also wanna create the buying pocket, right, that they know the transformation's possible, but only with your help. How many leads did you generate last week? So that's why I have to create a training. You know how you told me logical pain and it's making you feel emotional pain? It's because they had moral authority. So you say there, dude, no problem right now, Aleric works with guys who are running their first app for the very first time, all the way up to companies who are scaling to a hundred million. So one thing about this outbound is you see how it sounds like I've done this a thousand times. Does he know you're on this call? Was that all your revenue? Where would you really like to get this to? So this is where, if you are selling coaching, you would want to know, have they had any other coaches in general? This is the core principle here. So you wanna create a high-performance culture where not hitting these projections is unacceptable. So just keep that in mind as the price goes up, this number and range is likely going to go down. Let me add here, like, and this is obvious, but for non-ROI offers, set a data point. Obviously, since we had the conversation over messenger and conversation now, I can probably take care of 90% of it. And because they're uncertain, that uncertainty transfers over to the prospect, and they don't get the set. Now you dig into that, you find out what the real objection is, okay? Okay, it's, okay, well, what do you mean? So dude, I mean, three, three years. Do you want to be the person who's the higher version of themselves or do they want to make decisions out of a place of fear and let that be the guiding frame in which rules of life? We'll answer your questions in terms of objections, sales process, all of this stuff. I've never had a seven enroll. But you cannot expect yourself to be like that every day, so what I wanna shoot for is 85 to 90%, all right? So it's kind of hard to dig into the pain and really build that belief when they're unaware. So we'll get into that, some of the stuff I've learned, and it's worked really, really well for me in terms of that. A lot of our business is from referrals. It's the very first thing we ask. We know what ruts are. It sets you up really, really well for a need payoff question. And obviously my, my cashflow showed it, but right now it's like, I don't know, it's 65,000 a month. You gotta stay very, very neutral, okay? So, you see how that is gonna be received exponentially better than, so what's your plan if nothing changes? So it's like almost if you want to paint a visual in your head, you're finding the problem, you're marking X, you know, X into the ground, like you found the treasure, you mark X, you put your shovel, and now you start digging, okay? Okay, so this one's really, really good for financial ROI offers. Hey, so look, what I've really found to work best in these calls is first, just diving in to understand your business, okay? Example with ClickFunnels, the key to desire, which is online business success, is creating profitable and scalable funnels, and the only way to do that is through ClickFunnels. Basically, all we do here is same transition. They're a little bit personal. You can be like, okay, great, four. What's the biggest challenge right now? Do you have clear systems and clear SRPs built out to where if we hire an employee tomorrow, you can plug them into your system and they know exactly what to do? But it's just going to be harder for the prospect to do, opposed to if their goal is $50,000 a month, OK? This, you almost can't mess up, so there's no downside, and it just outbeats the upside of these. So you're not even gotcha. So, the question that we usually start off every single conversation with is, so probably the best place to start is, I mean, what would you say is, I guess, your biggest challenge in the business, or at least what's not working at the level that it truly could be or that it should? The real question is either or, and then went back to where I just went with the temp check here. Listen to those again and again and again, okay? And what I mean by that is understanding what inputs determine our outputs, all right? Are they open to help, right? So if you're already closing, this will be your focus. It's super engaging. You go into that whole spiel. Would Dan be working with us on this project as well, or would it just be you? How important is it to you to fix this? You should be role-playing with a partner and really getting this stuff down, really getting this stuff to the point where it's freaking second nature, okay? Real quick video guys, but I get asked a lot, how much curated opportunity volume do I need per setter? So you'll have basically our entire curriculum and then you'll have two opportunities a week to hop on with me and my team and role-play, okay? The next steps is where we paint a clear picture of what's gonna happen after the prospect makes the investment before telling them actually what the investment is, okay? So you see how it just, it just, it was there. So these are questions, what we're doing here is we're linking it to other areas of their life and even the same context of the problem. So like, I'll never get it. So let me know if this makes sense. That doesn't mean you can only do, say, or create that which you read in a book or a training program, guys, but there's your world and your depth of experience. So it's gonna go up, obviously, depending on your offer. And the only way really to sell this is sell a real B2B offer because someone clicked on something and now it's 27 bucks. But usually, the people who are gonna run into this the most are business ROI offers, and it's people who, you know, their goal is five grand a month, all right? Do you have like kids, family? I think I said this last time, but just the ability to step away, I'd be able to solve cooler problems. Here is Heaven Island, okay? It's better than being, you know, apathetic Eeyore, right? Just be careful of saying anything that sometimes could trigger any of like the, it's more of the same type of thing. Even though you could ask that, it's not that bad. So I'm going to give you the questions you'll probably ask. We don't want to say, you know, Oh, well, you know, the way you have your pixel set up is wrong. And you'll see what I mean. So here's the thing is that, like, let's say you have, because you gotta start to think about this. So with stuff like that, you kind of want to do it last just in case if you do, you're right near your solution and you can go right into that. Just how long has this been going on? Sometimes that'll actually close them. Now, if you're rating yourself, the key is here, you gotta be ruthlessly honest with yourself. So desire, the prospect must believe that solving the problem or alleviating the gap, crossing the gap would yield a better future situation than where they're at now, right? So probably about, I made this training for one of our internal salespeople about a month ago, and it totally bumped him. Obviously, this isn't a business example, but you're getting permission here. So first we've got to influence ourselves to be able to influence other people and that means we have to have a really, really strong and empowered identity, great beliefs, great values, and also I'd even add your energy, okay? All right, brother, we'll see you tomorrow. That's when we're gonna go over all the details, okay? Would you just help me out, you know, one, two minutes here, just so I can get brought up to speed, and you guys can hit the ground running. If no worries, I'll stop blowing you up. But you can still drop the hammer at the end and really make sure their actions align with the things they say that they want. I would block off two and block off specifically 60 minutes, OK? Oh my God, they'd be so pissed that I was looking into another lead generation service for my company and blah, blah, blah, blah. So I know it's a bit uncomfortable, but are you open to setting a bigger and a little bit scarier goal for us to work towards together? So listen to this again at 1x speed, you'll really get a good feel for what I'm doing. That's a good question. I'm glad you guys like this training. As well as what is he trying to do to fix it in the past? OK, now after taxes, what's left after that? Once you get clear on the problems, the doubt, you want to go to how long, solution questions, fresh time, why now, why not to re-R, cost, need payoff in the desire and transition out. I'm not sure if he created this, but that's where I learned it. That's what ascension is. And setters, it's also they're kind of qualifying a little bit too. So the biggest like kind of apprehension you have about doing something new, especially with something closing, is that you tried some stuff before and it didn't work. You'll be able to backlog it in the back of your mind. So like to me, like obviously if you're, you know, getting started with this and you're gonna be the center for a couple of days, like I recommend, then you should obviously know how to do it. I don't know, man. And one of the biggest errors I made was because I was trying to demonstrate what the process looks like to you guys, I followed it too strictly, okay? And really, in this context, what it means is me being able to coach them on how to actually not just get great at sales, not just get great at pitching, the sales process, the discovery process, the transition, also pipeline and follow-up and all that stuff, but also how to find the right sales opportunities in the marketplace so they can go from $10,000 a month to $30,000 a month without even getting any better. All right, part two. Now, granted, if we don't do this, we can still just act as if our process was two call to begin with, like I gave you in kind of the scenarios up here where you just might default to a two call because of a partner close or something like that. That's why. Don't worry about shit. I mean, it's just common sense. It's just the easiest way to go about all of these questions and the easiest way to stack these questions against each other so that they naturally lead into one another, they build upon on top of each other, et cetera. So they've probably tried stuff in the past to fix how to get clients. What do you want people to say at your funeral? So the key to desire is method, and the only way to do method is ClickFunnels. You go one level deeper here and then you get the real reason, okay? So how does it work? But it's just, you want to stay silent long enough just to make sure that they're done, okay? A COS has three criteria. And I think you'll like the salesmanship and kind of the principles behind this so you'll learn something. And in order to do so, what I've really found to work best is just getting kind of a quick idea of where you're at, your goals, and what you need the most help with right now. Um, just haven't really had the time to go through it all. Then I'd say, gotcha. So I kind of improvised off this a little bit, but this scripting's fine too. So walk me through kind of the day to day of like, what would business be like and what activities would you be working on? Or correct me if I'm wrong. You'll see, like, not all of these I incorporated into mine, but these are just some things to think about. Facebook group, even like text and mini-chat. And I do wanna say, later in this training, you're probably gonna see a video that details our AlloWare workflow, and the issue with that is that that was back when we were free-falling, free-for-all-ing, and our setters were, at least. So I mean, any questions, any thoughts on that? So it's like, and then I usually, I always do one. So to answer your question, dude, like that's not necessarily wrong. I don't really know how to clearly communicate what I do. You'll see, like, this framework I use right here, I use that all of the time. This is what allows your pitch to be able to provide insight, and that insight in the form of value of why they haven't gotten the result in the past is really what's gonna build massive trust and get them to move forward with you, okay? So don't, I gave you a lot of questions here, but I'm telling you, if you start with what's your biggest challenge right now and you move on to something like, okay, well cool. Because what's going to happen when I tell somebody an additional deal or two a week, right? What I learned is, to deep down to the pain first and go all over the pain, like the paradise island. So this is something I'd really like to see you doing sooner rather than later, because otherwise, I just kind of feel like we're leaving easy money on the table. Drill this relentlessly. A week before? And the reason why this is so important is that, let me just give you an example. And you can think of a state as like an end result, all right? You might be saying, you know, his acting is the best, but when you're watching him on the screen, he doesn't seem scripted. I just hate like everything that comes with the job. So part of trust is their buy-in to your method of success. So we wanna get them super certain that this is the right thing, now is the right time, and how we're gonna do that is through the committing phase, right? And they're like, yeah. Have you considered what would happen if a year goes by and nothing changes? Gotcha, okay. So we finished the pre pitch. And again, one of them was just trying to follow the process too strictly, just so you guys could see it. But we're gonna use these four types of questions, chunking down, need payout, background probing, to really fully understand if and how we can help somebody. The gap. And we're gonna adjust our monthly, quarterly, and yearly projections, all right? So I just wanna give credit where credit's due because he is an absolute master of this stuff. It's, OK, wow, we have an actual process to this. And it's just such an easy way to ask that question because you're already almost, it's like a qualifier in the midst of your pitch, almost, which is great because a lot of times when you do a heavy qualifier like that, they'll try to bump up against your frame and they're like, well, tell me what this is. So if you need help with kind of deciding what you should do, let me or the team know, we should tell you, but a lot of times, agencies done for you, SaaS, should do a two-call. Because what's naturally important to them, what's naturally at a high level in their hierarchy of values is going to come to the surface when we just keep it very, very broad and just let them talk and shut up. No. If you make three offers, I mean, the only way you can get three is if you close 100%. And because of that, there's times, and you're going to see me rip myself apart, where I kind of vulture around the same topic and I'm sort of throwing out questions and almost going in a little bit of circles. The curriculum is as follows. There's really no such thing as a 10 out of 10 or being 100% certain about anything in life. Cool, and so, you're gonna wanna do this again and again, I'm throwing this training together for you pretty quickly here, it's a lot of work. He wasn't gonna quit. And so you can do this really for any offer, but, I mean, biz-op is where it's key. Like, I might say for a certain guy, hey, what this program's all about is bringing on two proven closers so you have high-performing two guys on your team so you can get out the phones, delegate strategy sessions for good, and get back your time so you can scale revenue, OK? So if they tried nothing, OK, well, can I ask you a personal question? Now, things to note regarding week A, again, this is not a script. I like that kind of 60 to 70% chance range. So we're always really doing this, but the way we pitch our offer, the high-level promise, them taking notes, the pillars, and then we tie down and stop and pause after each pillar, ask what their thoughts are on that, if they feel like it might possibly be what they're looking for, okay? And you hear like athletes talk about this all the time. Maybe you were a little bit quieter, maybe you were a little bit more timid than usual. They're on calls all day every day when they would rather be training clients working on the business Uh creating new traffic channels doing events writing books content being a leader not an employee of their own business, right? This means the apps that aren't worth, they're not worth canceling, but they're also not worth yet putting on the calendar. So, software. It helps you clearly define and separate current and desired situation. Like, I could have still asked it here, but look at Steve Jens, whoever that is, what's going on. I snuck in that qualifying question in a very conversational way. Okay, what's net after expenses, after advertising, after all of that stuff left over? Does 2 p.m. or 4 p.m. central time tomorrow work for you to recoup? Is that, is that the 45 or 40 to 55 hours? He's totally relying on word of mouth, referrals, sphere of influence. So, that's my recording. I wanna cross off doubt, and I'm not even gonna touch it. Like, you have kids, like what? Right before the pitch. Yeah, I can pull together four to five hours. I bet I'm going to go up to background questions and get some context first. I mean, dude, almost never, unless they have just serious issues, run into a resistance. Then we're going to go into, again, the most important part, the examples. How does that compare to what your average has been total this year? These videos are very short. So you have no idea how to get there. You know quote like you could do a soundbite Within with everything that's going on or Trying to think Something along the lines of like with everything that's going on right now I thought I had my position locked in but now those companies are dropping in terms like flies Something like that, right? Same thing with individual one-on-ones. All right, I'm hoping it makes sense. Not, I just don't wanna go into a whole tutorial with this training, at least for now. So I got my calendar open now, you know, when works for you, Thursday or Friday this week to all get on a call, okay? Then we're also gonna talk about the two reasons you'll miss your numbers. And this training is so good that if you're a business owner you cannot miss this. But like, I guess where I'm really curious is, you know, you've been doing it that way for like five years, you know? So then you just say, and then the investment to get you high-level outcome is just, you know, whatever, 10K, right? So that's one, two, three, four, five. But it will really get people clarity, too. That's why, very subtle, I just tack on the end there. But the larger it is, and the more, you know, associated they are with that at the same time, it's going to make the investment drop a lot easier, and it's going to make it make sense. And when I made that kind of second initial draft of it and second change, that's when it started just absolutely killing it. I do that for inspiration. And I'm telling you, it works. Like, we want to define those two things very clearly. Now, if you're just starting off, um, or you sell kind of BizOp, B2C, uh, unsophisticated markets, I do recommend you framing the call. They just might not be willing to invest that. Jim Rohn won't stand a chance. So I, I kind of took it upon myself to do that for him. So, instead of asking, okay, great, so what's your biggest challenge? And it's, here's what we're gonna do so that you can benefit, and ultimately, the benefit of that benefit. Now, the reason I did that is just to eliminate all complexity. They're most actually really helpful model. So the first question, and by this time, you can probably tell I love this question. Believe me, if you're even a little bit confused right now, it's going to get a lot more clear, and there'll be better examples as we go, and as you go through the walkthroughs, you see me do it live, et cetera. Suppose we invite you in and we show you how to fix the lead generation problems that you have in your business without increasing ad spend at all. Other people are going through as business owners and some business owners might skip that first week. Because I know that that is what's keeping you from actually pulling the cash that you want out of this business, right? In high ticket, nobody does this, don't know why, but it's really, really, really key to just get these guys like immediately. You should know how to handle objections, how to handle resistance, how to actually ask for the sale, how to close efficiently and smoothly, as well as all the stuff we've covered up until this point. We're gonna talk about speed later, but the thing is with non-buyers, you know, there's not a lot of, how do I put this? I plan what I'm gonna do the next day, today. So, instead of saying, so what's your plan if nothing changes? Now, a lot of times, again, this is a minimum, but if you have a very heavy, heavy, heavy opportunity into Facebook group, like if you're running a Facebook group funnel and the main opportunity is texting and group joins, right? So what's been your revenue exactly in the past three months? And then ask, okay, well, even getting there, what would that do for you? We wanna do our one-call closes, be good at that, but then this is just gonna take you to a whole new level, so let's get into these three keys. Basically, when you're going into spouse, easiest thing to do is is dig into a time related challenge. They widen the gap, for sure. If you can do it, just don't overcomplicate it. So I want you to be aware of this, but I'm really gonna do a lot of the work for you with these syntaxes. That'll get to the full context and the severity. It's just that it'd be far more efficient with all things considered to just pay you money or buy your offer for that sense. It's really three things, OK? You have to call through these softwares. You have access to me, and we'll talk soon. So it's a big distinction here. And really, these are all questions that help build that consistency bias to where they're not just telling you the reasons they wanna do this, but more importantly, they're telling themselves, and at the same time, it's helping you elicit the key things you need to know to understand if and how you can help the person and, most importantly, eliminating objections before the close, okay? My first sales call was so bad that I crawled in bed and I canceled the rest of my calls for the rest of the day. And then on top of all of this, I've built a multiple million dollar sales recruitment training company specific to the high ticket space. That's an MDR team. I'm not just gonna skip out. So, this is a role play, right? Really use and leverage this group. 50% of that was through pipeline and follow-up, half my sales. So the frame's gonna be awesome. I remember one month, we were just getting, like, the entire industry was getting crushed. Cause the biggest thing with any of that stuff is like, you're never going to read it right from the script. So the bridge is the three to five pillars that logically take your prospect from current situation to desired situation. Did you ask me about that for a reason? The answer rates are too low, the response rates are low, there's no value and equity built within that audience, and you just really want them to focus on the first seven days, the first 15 days. And the reason that is so important here is because the one thing that will kill you when you're taking a lot of sales calls is letting your prior losses bleed into the next call. Like, what do you need help with? And then now we're going to go a little bit more into the problem and be just trying to further understand the problem. But it sounds a lot better than, oh, okay, well, what does your spouse do? But to be honest, guys, when I was doing this role play, I got a little bit lazy at the end here and I just really wanted to just get the close on the call. I'm pretty sure I went over most of these, so I'm not going to go through them one by one right now. So think about eliminating any other options like do-it-yourself, competitor options, et cetera, and then we also want to harpoon these sharks that are in the water, and the sharks are like fear, the money objection, the uncertainty-based objections, spouse objections, all of that stuff. So it fits those first two qualities, right? Safety net, so appealing to a sense of security as well. Because a lot of times when people try to do that implied thoughtfulness, they come off very passive. So, we want to make sure the monetary lines up with the non-monetary. So if you found this video helpful we got again 30 plus hours of trainings in the Facebook group. So obviously, this example wouldn't work. You're getting into like either the less, that's like less than 1%, or you're doing something on your cause to where it's like, they just don't have any trust. Well, he came in in a similar situation as you, but literally, the only difference between you guys is that he was shooting for 100, and you were shooting for five. So like, how does it impact the way you show up there? Does your partner know you're on this call? So if you're like that, why even consider changing? Just wanted to record this just kind of as a pit stop so you know exactly where you're at. And even when I bring it back, we'll still change the subject again. At this point, we know people buy end results or states, both logically and emotionally. I gotcha. So what we're gonna find best is let's reschedule, okay, to where we can get everybody on the call, and we can get everybody clear on what the process is exactly, and then from there, we can see if it's a fit and feel like if this is something you guys wanna move forward with, where it's the best next step for your business. And also, on the other side of the pendulum, don't get in your head and start overthinking this stuff like crazy. So what this means, ultimately, is that we must take a stand for them. That was goals for syntax, is the main thing. I say, the last thing we're going to do is the sales team build, OK? Like 50% on a bad day, 60% on a good day. So it didn't happen a lot. It's going to power into solution based questions. And you're also going to email market to them, incentivize email replies, and also use email to drive them to the group. They were just trying to not sound dumb, right? Really, it's mainly spouse partner is the main one here. So I'll be like, OK, so the past three months, total made $29,000 across October, across September, and August combined. So what I'm hearing is like right now, we don't really have a good pulse on our numbers. Now, resources and willingness, again, red flags. Same every single time. After I discovered that, and that when I was in pocket, I was going through this, I started going through this a little bit each morning, and I've been through it probably 15 times, and it works. And then he's going to say, yeah. Like, I'm not kidding, listen to it again, and again, and again, and again. I should put here strategy zero. So for you specifically, though, it's going to be four things. It's every day. So that's the setter KPIs for the funnel. So what did you close those clients for? We found, though, at scale, you do wanna have a lead delegation system, or it just gets very chaotic, okay? Like, I worked four times as hard. Pre-call routine is the two to three minute routine you're gonna do before every call, and think of it as like repriming your physiology and kind of resetting and recentering yourself. But you don't want to make it like this awkward long silence to where it becomes not conversational, okay? Like, is this plausible? With the VSL funnel, it's more about the VSL than anything else, whereas with the group funnel, a lot of the work is done with the setters. Do you have a relationship right now, right? And they say, yeah, like totally a hundred percent. Because there's necessity, I list my reasons in there. So let's get into the specific scripting and you'll get access to this document really quickly. Yeah David what about your guys's volume this week? So a few really easy examples I like is let's look at Aspirin. That all being said, as with any section, the examples are the most important part. Is this in the formula? Cool, now, is that rather spot on, or do you feel like I missed anything at all? That video after this will be the implementation pathway, depending on if you're a business owner, you're a sales rep, you're a new sales rep, current performing sales rep, how to go through, how to attack the content. So this is why like really, if you can have you or somebody on your team just do this for a week and establish baseline data, massive. I don't know why he wants to change. It's free, you know. That being said, how to get support. You're going to establish. Because until we know the intention, we can't answer it properly. Now, basic KPIs. Here's the basic KPIs for outbound dials. I set intentions. You just need to qualify to make sure that this is somebody you can actually help and that they're worth being on the closures calendar. Just last month. Gotcha, so you pay yourself that. Because it's really more important that we position our offer away from similar things they've tried in the past to fix the problem, opposed to just positioning it away from stuff they've tried in the past in general. So it's like, it's like a point where like, and it's all in relation to where they think they are with other people, actually like not the truth. Like you don't need to educate on the mistakes, et cetera. So they just don't do anything. It's just not gonna matter as much as somebody who's starting their very first business. I mean, they may go work with somebody else who you know is not as good as you. I listen to, there's one sales training specifically. So we want to just check our brain, six deep breaths, get aware, get grateful, set those intentions before each and every call. So technically we are actually on Zoom. What about last month? Now, as you're asking these, you can obviously, you know, adding questions like, you know, what's, okay, great. It's just a process. We just want to fully understand what they're asking before we answer it. We gotta talk about everything bad. And a lot of times you ask questions like that, guys, they don't even realize what the problem is until you break it down like that. Is getting you to X, Y, and Z outcome, whatever that is. So like another sales training offer, maybe it's like the very first thing we gotta fix is your energy. What do you, what do you sell? So you kinda wanna tailor it to whatever sort of language or context that you're in or they're giving you, but more or less, that is gonna be it. So I give you a lot of theory and a lot of tactical, really good language and stuff in these first initial videos. If you've already been through this, we already had an in-depth training on the paid group funnel, pretty much end-to-end. That's very direct and it makes John feel like he's on the spot to make a decision about then. So I put here the dual attack. Well, ultimately, man, we're talking 40 to 55 hours. So what do you think the biggest challenge is there specifically? And then we can take that time and reinvest it into things like building your brand, speaking on stage, publishing that book that you mentioned, and so on and so forth. But this is what to do when somebody says, dude, just tell me the price in the discovery phase of the call. So it's all about kind of creating that right philosophy. You know, I say this and I think people think it's like a woo-woo thing, but when I get on a call with somebody, I'm so focused on them and their lives and what's at stake for them. Gotcha, and when you run into a bottleneck and you're running into a challenge, which is going to happen, there's no guarantees in business except for the guarantee that there's going to be problems, there's going to be challenges, but when you get to that point, are you going to, you know, bury your head in the sand and like disappear, or are you going to raise your hand for help? And you'll hear, okay, one, two, three, four. It must've been something. Like, we want to tell them, this is what this is all about before we kind of get into the specifics and the weeds, OK? So VSL is a little bit different from group, a little bit different from other stuff. Like, the context of their business, just to get a little bit of background. So, a soft offer is like promising what we're gonna do. And I'm just like, I was raised in like such a traditional household, you know? Hope you found it helpful. So it's just there's certain people who decide to be leaders and it's like they're gonna come out there say look like like they're gonna try to remove those constraints for people and lead them through the problems that they're having and Then there's people are gonna do nothing. Now, a lot of times you go for this and you realize that them saying that it's a condition and not an objection, that they don't have the resources is actually a smoke screen for uncertainty. And they're like, well, I want every lead in this thing contacted, and they're just trying to make it so like every lead's getting contacted all these times, there's nothing falling through the cracks. So that is resolve, okay? Maybe I will stay where I am. But it's a great, you know, I'm glad I kind of did it in hindsight because it lets you see how to handle a financial objection if it would have come up. And then really, they should be double dialing these new leads multiple times a day, and at least once a day for the next seven days. There's one or two reasons for that. It's way easier to deliver, way more effective, and it's really what I use now and have used to sell millions as a full-time sales rep. The key is it coming off natural. I could see the number I wanted to hit, but it was like I had to work my ass off to get there. And I'll see you guys next in the training. Like if you're doing organic, and you're doing it through Messenger, well, how many people are you actually gonna try to get on a call? And then create your explanations for the pillars. So not 30 days, 30 calls, all right? So obviously you have one closer already. If we don't, when we didn't have a local dialer, this is about down to 10%. We want you to become a better person as well. Or the second one is, you know, they know they could probably figure it out on their own, but like any real entrepreneur, they want to leverage a proven system to get there faster so they don't waste as much time and money trying to figure it out on their own. So that's the first key. And it becomes a valuable thread and discussion for the entire crew. So what I'm hearing is your goal is 10 grand a month then. So, you help the personal trainers go online price point 6,800. We don't want to know why they want what they want. But why now though? There's subpar to par in part of excellence. And you know, if he already said something like everything's fine, I just want to see what you do. And I know even just helping somebody get from 10% closing ratio to 30% closing ratio can change the life in their business, okay? All right, and just like with this, we very rarely wanna interrupt the prospect. Now finally, we wanna use short and pointed questions. So somebody gets on the call to like, what's your biggest challenge? So what you're gonna learn here, really it doesn't matter if it's group or VSL or whatever, this is the same process no matter what. And I'm like a super, I'm very, very, you'll see, I'm very, very into tracking like everything numerically. Take me back. So I'm curious, but you know, when you say it means freedom for you, what does freedom mean for you specifically? Oh my god dude let me tell you about oh I called Zillow I gave him hell man let me tell you about I called him and I told him that you know if you if you keep my lead cost above a hundred dollars like I'm gonna tell the brokerage and you're not gonna get no business anymore it's like dude oh my god yeah just like oh man it's it's that is the worst and I'm the worst with them too because they always either push to a second call or like I push through it and I get through it and then they're like oh okay well that sounds great see you later and then hang up and you're like ah like that was just a total waste so I gotta jump to a call thanks guys I really appreciate it for sure um very helpful Amir says yeah Levi says we can finally trust your process what does that even mean dude he's saying now it's real just totally Levi can say anything and just smile afterwards and it's it's okay I didn't even you're just not even talking dude yeah he's muted wow he's even got like a heart with little things coming out of it on his coffee mug look at that very masculine Caledonia New Caledonia yeah yeah I can I can speak French
That's Cole here. So I know that's kind of a weird one, but just believe me, think about what you're listening to in the morning. So for instance, you know, for about $47 buyers to $97 buyers, what I found is it's still about a 400 to 500 range at the minimum, could be more, but that's probably about the minimum. So that's already sold, you're just getting on that to do a quick qualifying here, which is basically just this, right? And I mean, I used to be an athlete. Now, role play and practice is key. I can handle it on my own. There's nothing more to the slides. Does she know you're on this call? How long you been following him for? How do you feel about the process specifically? So the key notes here, again, this can lead into cost and oftentimes it leads in the spouse and partner. You know, like, well, is that causing you to work extra hours to play catch up? Here's what I would say. Does that put you in a tough position just with family and work, all that stuff? So then I say, the final step we're going to take is this, right, this is the deliverable. Okay, so again, this is really key. Then on top of that, we send out five emails a week to the list with a call to action to reply. Make sense. They need warmed up. Like, it wasn't from books, it really even wasn't from courses, it was from just trying to find the best closers out there and listen to what they were actually doing live, okay? Plus, you want them to take notes. How many dates do you think you need to be going on a week to be like, yeah, that was a great decision, and this program was absolutely successful? And then we go, right? He's actually so-and-so's right-hand man, you know, right-hand guy, works closely with the clients, hype him up, et cetera. So it's like pre pitch and it's like, okay, great. Stuff like that. What if you're doing this, and it's not working? So it's like, no, I want to do this. Then we have a section here, when the prospect's giving you low goals, watch this. And also the cadence should mirror the prospect. You know, a certain answer and certain tonality. She don't want to be, you know, fitness model. That's not what they're doing. But there's basically two end results when you're starting off on a new offer. Okay, well, 25 grand a month. That's actually probably what drives them the most in most cases. Now at the same time, these are good questions to also ask if let's say, you know, you sell gym coaching services and somebody has worked with a really, really big gym coaching company out there that has a lot of market share and you know, they're kind of satisfied and you know, you can tell they're kind of satisfied, but they're not thrilled, but they're also like not about to leave. What's stopping you from being able to put a lead generation system in place to get consistent leads daily, weekly, monthly on your own? But we're going to roll through it pretty quickly. I have fallen for this so many times. Few key notes before we dive in here. Now, if you're going from Messenger, like email, LinkedIn, Facebook, Minichat, you're gonna be booking directly a triage or directly a consult. Because we don't know. I don't always do like really now when I'm, when I'm doing, I don't really take sales calls anymore. Know it. And it really gets them to internalize it. OK, what is that net after expenses, after everything? Is that something you'd like to ask about later? And just to be totally clear, what's really important to me and my team is alignment, meaning that when you come in and work with us, we're rolling up our sleeves and getting in the trenches with you on this thing. And then if they're bought into the fact that they need to go high-ticket, they're obviously just gonna buy from us, they have no choice. And if you get a maybe, again, it depends, I gave you the caveats earlier, but if you get the whole, oh, well, you know, it would depend on the price, especially if it's a weight loss offer, and you're like, you know, you're talking to a woman who wants to lose weight, she's not the breadwinner of the household, and, you know, she gives you a, oh, well, you know, it's gonna depend on the price, you reschedule, okay? Small nuance works every time, though. I was driving a faster car, if that makes sense. So what you did is you got him to elaborate on the other solution that he looked into and why it wasn't a fit to solve his problem and help him explain to you back why it wasn't. We wanna expand their vision, and a lot of times, we just wanna realize that, you know, people talk about these like smart goals and all these different things. So how do we kind of regulate these, right? We want stuff that's customized to us. And there's like hype-y certainty that's like, oh, I'm super pumped up, I'm like ready to go, I'm like jamming, I'm listening to music, I'm like hyped up. Like, if you're doing an outbound triage, right, this is like a true set. You know, we have guys who do 1K course to high-ticket as well. So, we're gonna talk about vocal tonality and the three tells of dominance, okay? He was making about a quarter billion a year. That's exactly what we're gonna go over in this video. Okay, so for number two, right vehicle. Okay, I'm not saying you would explicitly say that, but that's kind of almost the energy that you're coming off on. Okay, you know, there's cases like with objections, where somebody's about to walk off a ledge, and like we just need to like butt in there and interrupt them and realign them. Is this potentially top of mind? Anyways, now we got a little bit of time. I mean, what's the reason why right now where you just don't want to stay where you're at after this context is established up here, when you ask that question, you're going to get a much better response, right? So is that something you'd be open to? A more specific one, because you might use this, and they might say, ultimately, the goal is to have this brand, and we're doing $10 million a month, and I'm speaking on stage, and I'm having events like Grant Cardone, and they're at like $2,000 a month. Cause like I got the open loop of one through four. I would have all the other potential biz op opportunities that he has, all my competitor new opportunities. Okay, so usually, I see that one was way shorter, and then I say, anything on that, or ready number four? How do you think that conversation is gonna go? So that'll ultimately allow you to have your time back to not just spend with your family, but work on your business, not in your business, and do things like speaking on stage, blah, blah, blah. So just getting the prospect clear and then positioning your offer correctly, that alone is gonna create a lot of certainty within the prospect. So in a perfect world, yeah, dude. The reason for that is because when you solve a problem, you create value and people trade money for value, right? So I don't know if like, when you say access to some funding, that's 10, a hundred, a million, right. They're at the following times. Yeah, a hundred percent. Have you ever done similar product before? So this is really about how to minimize your downside in sales and in performance, as well as maximize your upside. So where do we want our people coming from? Then obviously you're gonna buy ClickFunnels, you have no other option. So now, we went through, we didn't even have to cover an objection. Like we need to interrupt those people, or we're just gonna be on like a three-hour long call. Because then it raises their certainty. So we did introduction report frame, right? And people need to not, you know, let their ego get in the way of doing the right things for the clients and also making themselves money, making the company money. Basically, like we consult like local businesses. We talked about that last week, so if you don't know what I'm talking about, go back and view that training. Three. And so you might get, and again, here's the other thing, this is why I bolded it, it's so important, is you might kind of get the reason that sounds good first, right? Like, are you talking? Now what this means is that let's say you do Facebook ads for plastic surgeons. Yeah real quick. It's also helping us keep our calls in a container and it allows us to really enjoy the process because when we're having fun and we're showing up in a way that is lighthearted, that's enjoyable and that, um, you know, we're just like genuinely enjoying it and having a good time. I mean, like what I'm doing right now, like. Now problem solving is a masculine energy. And she's like, I need to go check like your website or like whatever other stuff before I make this commitment. And the reason for that is back in the tribal, you know, prehistoric times, one of the ways alpha males showed their dominance was doing exactly that through both their body language, but also through their vocal tonality as well. The first thing I'm gonna cover is just putting yourself in a position to win. So the way we do that is I'm going to give you some homework right away to where we can see, or we can see where we can get you the quickest wins, and then I'm also going to have you send in your current sales script, current sales pitch, as well as a call for me to break down for feedback. He's just. And the reason I'm asking is not just if, but even if it is, and timing is predicated on a lot of things, one of which of those things is finances. And you can kinda help anybody who is basically open-minded and has a little bit of money, right? Now these are going to be high level and kind of philosophical. Are they waking up on time? Also, in terms of purpose, what we're looking for, we want to know how much they know about what we do in our company. Because you just reminded them that they are bought into the process, they don't have any questions about it, and then you're giving them permission to basically ask you the obvious question, to be like, okay, well, what's next, okay? There's going to be challenges. It's as if it's already done, okay? So there's offer And mitchell's offer that he was used to be selling or still selling is um Like an agency biz op offer so start and grow your own agency. If you need help with this, let me know, because I'm actually pretty good at this somehow. Third, we want to understand what the problem is keeping them from getting, that is the payoff questions. I'll tell you up front, I have not, I probably wrote this like four months ago. And then I would say send. These are pain questions. But problem solving is a masculine energy. I mean, is that gross or is that net? Let me know if that makes sense, guys. So, what's going to happen if you don't do this, and I will tell you, I've gotten lazy and not done this sometimes, and you get burned. It matters that they give you energy when you think about them, okay? The problem was when he got, he said he really, really wanted to do it. I'm just saying, this is not enough. You state it once, they just say, OK. The second one is a little bit more difficult to understand but we just want to understand the full context and severity of the problem, okay? They also, they come in Slack, they go in the HubSpot, and then Alaware syncs with HubSpot. So you go into specific scripting on the temp check, very easy. I answered it. Opposed to something with trust-based language, you know, John, if you were even to consider moving forward with something like this, when possibly would you be open to considering that? So you could obviously shorten this one up a little bit. I mean, you know, a lot of people are in kind of the situation that you're in. The other rule of thumb is the one-to-one setter-to-closer ratio, and this one I've rarely ever found broken. He's like, yep, gotcha. Is that correct? Sort of had the best of both worlds there. What are the ratios? So for instance, you know, me and Mitchell, I don't know when you're, if you were on the call when we were doing this, but me and Mitchell were talking about like chunking down lead generation. The purpose of this is pretty self-explanatory. So this is example number two. I want to make sure they're not driving. So let me set you up with this call really quick. So 3 p.m. central Monday? Now, as I mentioned before, a lot of times on outbound calls, probably 80, 90% of the time, you'll transition smoothly into the triage from the outbound call itself. And then you want to have a really good, like, like this section right here is where the money's made, man. Or are you ready to move on to two? And then we promote that to the list. Progress as long as there's no constraints. Does that put you in a tough position in terms of actually being able to, you know, know who the good candidates are from the bad and actually get people on? Instead of like, rapport to frame is very direct. So we do have, you know, private client-wise, really, really good scripting that helps you elicit all of these things in a very, very natural, authentic, conversational way that gets the prospect giving you, like, the best answers you've ever seen in your entire life. Nope, that's super helpful. Cole Gordon here. If somebody's closed two clients in the last three months, which unfortunately is kind of common sometimes in our space, what do you think the next obvious question is? The other thing, I already mentioned this, but the main thing, you know, the reason we create dialogue and feedback is so really that we can, in this phase, eliminate the uncertainty-based objections before the price drop, okay? We're gonna cover that in a different training, but the real key is building the right ecosystem for your prospects, okay? It's because sometimes, you know, some people will be like, you know, you'll ask, let's pretend for a moment you were to go ahead with something that would fix your lead generation, okay? I like to intermittent fast, but really just, you know what healthy eating is, you know what makes you feel good, do that. So we actually get expert frame and moral authority frame with our frame of the call. Or you can tell them and tell me when you're ready, right? Okay, so let's dive into that in a second. This is what we, me, I mean, 65,000 this month. So obviously volume is not where you really want it to be. So on your pen and paper, write out 1 through 4. So we're gonna go over the two reasons why you missed your numbers and what to do to fix it in the meantime. Or what coaching programs have you tried to fix these issues that you're having with your mindset specifically? Cool, get ready to take notes. These are not one after the other here, it's just kind of a little bit back and forth. So our backing is pretty solid too. So don't overthink this, but like for instance, if you're selling corporate and they're just really used to the two-call or three-call close and not making decisions on the call and that type of stuff and they have no idea what internet marketing is, like they're not in our space at all, you're probably gonna wanna do a two-call, right? So, what we did here, again, we used more authority. Um, that's something that my mentor, Travis Saga created, not me, but at the stance you want to, you want to be judgmental, right? If you're in sales, and especially if you're in some sort of coaching sales, you're probably laughing because everybody has had one of those people. You can't do now. Cadence is good. So when you think about that, what is that for you exactly? And it's something that throughout thousands of calls, I always had this in the back of my head, nobody really ever, besides this one NLP trainer way back in the day, nobody really ever taught it to me. But this is going to be one of the most important videos you watch in the course. So what's probably gonna be at this stage the most appropriate is at this point, let me take this, go back to our team, we'll talk about your situation, and here in a few days, we'll book another call where I'll break down exactly a customized game plan that we've come up with and how that's gonna work for you specifically, sound good? Okay? So that's some tips for the first pillar. Like a pay up front? All right, this part's really important. now don't do like if I can show you how to xyz is this something you're actually gonna fucking buy don't do that but do uh do if um I just want to see if you have the bandwidth to be able to implement this right now and if they kind of like get like well I gotta like know what it is and it's like dude I totally know like we're about to talk about that um what I'm asking is like I don't know if you have like an extra five hours a week to work on this stuff and implement with us or if like you're going to Costa Rica starting on Wednesday and you know you're going to be gone for a couple weeks gotcha so you're here now and you're available you're available for a project like this perfect right so what that that alone eliminated to think about it but I asked that question after the pre-pitch because that question has a high risk of derailing the conversation right because like a lot of people will kick back they'll be like well I don't even know what this is right which is like really stupid because I just asked you but like do you have five hours a week the bandwidth to work with us on this stuff and they're like well I don't even know like it's just a sales defensive trigger right so pre-pitch you ask that question you can always say I use the Costa Rica Jamaica thing a bunch it's like oh no dude totally we're about to talk about this what this is right now I just want to make sure before we even get into it because we've got to make sure that we can get you a result on our end we need from you five extra hours a week to be able to work with us in terms of bandwidth time so like do you have that right now are you available for that or like I don't know if you're just like you know going to Costa Rica next weekend right so that's good like oh no I'm totally fine right now great also and then you can tempt spouse no also one of the biggest things for us is alignment meaning that like I don't know if we're going to be working with anybody else if there's other any other decision makers but we want to make sure everybody's on the same page before we start working with any certain client so is this pretty much your decision to make or is there anybody else that needs to be on this call so that you can make that decision gotcha so you're the decision maker great and then you go into your one through four because those are very high risk questions of derailing the conversation and they don't really like they're more qualifiers they're not like going deep in your sales process so I don't like asking those during discovery if you're going to ask those if like if like you get through pre-pitch right and you realize f like I don't know anything about the spouse and it could be an issue here you can circle back to it and ask it then and it's just a little bit less of a risk does that make sense somebody give me some feedback makes sense yeah makes sense one uh one question I have is is one of the ways that I thought about it for us is like the um you know want to just make sure that we're in alignment is there anyone else on your team that would be working with us through this through this yeah so for you with b2b that's perfect okay now they may say like lower tier people and then that would open me up to be able to say okay is that somebody that needs to be on the call right now or is this somebody that's that's going to be working more on the fulfillment side and then it gives them the availability say oh they're just going to be that's how I word it too is I basically say so you know if you're coming in and we're working with you guys each and every week on this stuff is it just it just is it just us working with you or is there anybody else who's involved in this project as well from your team right which is a super non-invasive totally cool type of question because right you're really not asking what who's the decision makers but you are at the same time right so it's like a totally cool question but it does force them like if they have a business partner if they have whatever it does force them to bring that up and then you can go into the alignment bit it's like okay well I just want to be 100 clear on my answer they're organized over here the biggest thing that's important for us is alignment meaning that like both of you guys are on the same page that this is the right thing now is the right time now I know we haven't even talked about this yet so like it might you might feel like it's not the right thing for you but we want to make sure that if like you know we go over this and your head over heels you think this is like the best thing in the world and you need to do this right now that you don't hop in and he's anything less than 100 certain because that's going to create friction within the process and ultimately is going to jeopardize not only our clients accessory but more importantly your results so the best thing from here what I've found is I'm going to take this back to Aleric everything we do is all customized anyway so in this case you would want to give them the one through four right because then your things go right but everything's all customized anyways so let me go back to him we'll create a custom game plan hop on in two days I'll walk you guys through everything to make sure everything's on the same page answer any questions and we'll just see where you guys want to go from there cool so that's how I would do that but hopefully you can you would reschedule like hopefully with a leadership decision like that you would find out and discovery which is super easy you just ask what's your leadership structure like okay so are you the 100 owner you have you know so it's just you you know that's super easy to find out non-invasive and then pre-pitch then you go into the alignment bit and you just frame it like everything you do is all customized anyway so like even if you wanted me to pitch you on this call like I can't I got to talk to Aleric first so then then they have like that's not salesy at all they have no option does that make sense yeah absolutely and I'm just thinking about our process I may even put the five to ten hours on the other side of that initial question because then if they say okay well we've got two people on the team and all that kind of stuff it's okay well you know does your team have the bandwidth to to do about five to ten hours a week to help with solving whatever problem right that's totally cool you can do either or doesn't matter cool cool so yeah that's how but like one of the big breakthroughs I had is because I noticed those two questions tempting time I call it tempting time and spouse or partner they have the highest risk of derailing the conversation because they're very likely to come back with like well it depends on what this is you know so we I asked him either I used to ask him at the very end of discovery because of that if I if I didn't if they didn't come up organically within the call but now it's like let's pre-pitch give them insight get them leaning in towards us they want to know how we can help them and then be like well wait let me just like okay so you want to go into it let me just make sure like we're good real fast right so it's like your posture is so much better at that point you know hopefully that makes sense to everybody so we're gonna cover was this helpful guys going through one of my calls yep super interesting super interesting what was what was interesting about it well this last this last bit that you mentioned of kind of bringing up organically the the spousal thing after the pre-pitch I've never I've never done that because I typically ask it on the front end but like you said it kind of sounds sometimes weird to ask it abruptly so this sounds a little bit more natural and it makes sense 100 percent this is you guys yeah once you guys I mean health health coaches so you guys want to next week we'll go over how I pre-pitch pitch and close so cool man we lost a lot of people because this one's so but anybody have questions thoughts oh go ahead though oh I was just gonna say um no this is this is great like this is super helpful and it's good to see it like played out live um so uh I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna this is super helpful and it's good to see it like played out live um so uh what do you have sorry uh Levi said something and he's in when he smiles it like makes you want to smile too so sorry man I'll turn it off I'll turn off my screen you're good uh no I really appreciate it um got me some really good answers and and uh some new structures on some things and little tweaks here and there two millimeter shifts and awesome stuff I would I'll put my hat out there if you guys ever feel like you want to do one of these with somebody that's like really difficult and like like you have to interrupt them a lot that would be really helpful for me because I can't stand those people and that's what I have the biggest trouble with is somebody that just rambles ramblers ramblers right and you have to you have to jump in you have to keep them moving um David knows David knows this more than anybody really because of that call review a couple weeks ago so uh they suck they're the worst here's here's and dude like they really suck is a full-time sales rep like that's like when you like the full-time sales rep game is different than selling as an entrepreneur it really is and I'm glad I've been able to experience both sides because I mean but so because only full-time's how you get good but at the same time um it's so frustrating man especially when you have the back-to-backs cool it's horrible go like yeah I mean like hurting them yeah close I just took I'll close it because it's like I'm not gonna have time um I will say this let me pause you for a second let me put you on hold for a second let me hop in here real fast those are like I just rotate between those and then if it gets really really bad I have a training on this but um I don't know what exactly the language is so it might be a little bit different but let me pause you for a second um and if it's like you can sometimes just ask you know you just know what to say after you after you butt in but if you kind of like if it's awkward you feel like you're being rude let me pause you for a second what's great about you said was this but what I'm really wondering is this right great redirect just um redirect that or um if you got to do a come to Jesus be like look man what's great about what you're saying is this but looks like I know we have a limited amount of time on this call and I want to make sure I get full clearing in your situation so that I can help you you know not scale your business but you know you understand like right I can I can help see if like YouTube ads is the right thing for you right now and if so how exactly that's going to work so that we can get to 100 to 150k a month ASAP with a five to seven row as or more before in order me in order for me to do that I really got to get an idea like on exactly what's going on with your advertising and your lead cost everything right now so let's go through some like rapid fire questions real fast questions really focused and get exactly what's going on get down to the numbers yada yada yada right the only thing with that dude is like you got to use it sometimes you're going to pull that one out but the get list so the gift of that is they will get the point because you basically time frame them um the downside of that is you will lose emotion emotion right because they'll be like okay like they'll be like you know three nine twelve yeah let's take like so how many we need to be for like five right so you lose your response like you know five dude man it sucks it's just totally unacceptable you know you'll lose all that extra stuff so I I use that sparingly but like sometimes man you know I used to sell gotta do it sometimes our demographic with these real estate agents was 60 years and older like we wouldn't even target people under 60. Well, yeah, if you scored on 2 3rds of the way from that page, that's actually Ryan right there. When calls are really long, or there's over-information in the pitch, they check out every time, they're gonna want to think about it, they're gonna want you to send them something, and it could be, you could add a perfect discovery, you botch the pitch, you're gonna get those objections, OK? Try to keep it to no more than one a week or one every two weeks. So, this is a really, really good frame. So you can see all of these are just very consistent, curated opportunities. Trying to think of another example in a different market. But three to four a day is very healthy. So the big caveat here is don't, again, pendulum swing all the other way around and then ask extremely redundant questions and it gives off this impression like you're not listening. How do you balance that? Right, so I like to do it that way, and oh, no, you know, she's an engineer, she's not even, she doesn't even understand any of this world, I actually never even talked to her about it, okay? You're just going to use the ones pertinent and just enough so to get the outcome that you want. What are the things I wanna do for my family or charity or things that if I hit these numbers and I make those commissions, that's gonna allow me to do? They still make emotional decisions. Part of that's gonna be by talking about energy management and regulation. So, you see how, and it's funny, these role plays, a lot of times like it's because of consistency bias, they do play out like actual calls to where like you, he wouldn't, you know, he would feel stupid saying this if like we had this whole discussion up here and he was like totally sold and telling himself why this opportunity is what he wanted to do. And like, she doesn't actually do anything. Are you meditating? So Oh, you know, sometimes it's, let's stick with the lead generation example for instance. So remember the one I said here, you know, the guy responds, you know, considering you been doing paycheck to paycheck for the past three years, is that put you in the top position given you have to support your family? If you can't like on the spot all the time, all day, every day, remember the top two or three reasons why you're doing what you're doing, you don't have this, okay? It really just depends. And remain silent until the prospect is done in kind of like this two to four second window. And dude, like somebody who hasn't done that, it seems so easy to me cause it's like I do that. And holding the moral authority frame of your prospect means you have complete and total influence over them because they believe you have their best interest at heart, all right? That is 5,800. You can start spending on your business, right? When you join in the membership questions, it'll ask you for your email for Kajabi logins to our free seven figure selling secrets sales course. You're almost like, it's, you're basically painting a picture by the very way you're asking the question, like, man, you were doing it this other way in the past, but now all of a sudden, like you're doing it this way and like you're focused on this thing, like why, you know? Let me know if you have questions. Because, you know, they might think, oh, no, it's client results. Are you drinking water? If we can nail all of these in our subcommunication, in our tonality, and in our body language, the more likely somebody else, whether that's a prospect or anybody you're trying to influence, is going to accept what you're saying to be true. I mean, I say something similar each time, but I wasn't looking at like a script there. So this is really for lifestyle, AKA non-ROI offers. So we're going to start off with the transition. I'm not sure if you know this, but you know. So a lot of people are going to be like, Oh, I need to be able to hit my goals. That's a short and pointed question, okay? So I can, oh, I want to see you guys real fast. What's that transition for somebody that's like, I honestly don't even know what's coming in on a day-to-day basis or on a weekly basis. And these are some of the best mental models that I've found that have really developed my sales philosophy. Going back on the previous video, it's like there's different roads or there's different bridges that you can take to get from hell island to heaven island, but like the prospect wants to take the best bridge with the least chance of dying, that's the shortest, that's the easiest, they're not going to be eaten by a shark, et cetera. So let's say we gotta do 60. So there needs to be that level of directness, and certainty, okay? We're going to cover the setter processes for the group funnel. Okay, again, I'm gonna put it right here. It sets you up for a stronger desire portion of the call. If you look at Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, most of the top Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu trainers in the world, they're all connected, and they usually relate back to like two or three main schools, okay? I'm not gonna give you the diet training here. But this is your last resort. All right, that's it. You can start with a question like what's your biggest challenge? A lot of people tout these really high closing ratios. I'm going to try that. I truth be told, I wasn't expecting it. I know I've said that a lot, but we're going to go into a background question here. So if like your solution can like fix that, then yeah. This is really, really big because what's gonna happen here is you'll learn a lot of new stuff in this training, especially as we get into more tactical weeks, two through seven. And then I kind of, you know, I elaborated on the training I was going to give them, but I mean, guys, this is scripted. So you want to create duality around that. So that is it for the support questions training. If you don't have a great pitch, then it doesn't matter how great of a salesperson you are because you're just gonna suck. Okay, I just totally made this up. I start to begin with, again, linking it logically once we have x, y, and z, the first three things in place. So a lot of times, what I always do is start off with a one-call. Yeah, OK, well, why now, though? They might have tried a paper lead service. Which lead generation offer, right? I forget what it's called, but it's like you do kind of want to stutter as you're asking the question. So, you'll hear me hammer this when we go over objections, but basically, uncertainty-based objections are the worst objections, okay? So this is our helluva promise. You don't wanna like kill your salesperson for only doing 100 a day. Cuz then it's like you might not use it and then somebody who is in reads that and they're like, oh shit I can three days I can go through everything and it's not what it seems. Now we're gonna hit this phase. All right, and I'm going to give you an example of the right way versus the wrong way. Because that's gonna create friction. It won't happen. And so it could be way better. But if you do it correctly, which we're gonna talk about next, it's not gonna come off like super high-pressure boiler room type of environment. How do you know when you have found something that's a fit? So if they do, it's really important to figure that out. So what I do, and this is not the worst thing in the world, okay? That's awesome. So you'll process the, first thing is you'll process the investment with me. And then you say, awesome, cool. And then after we get their contact information, name, email, and phone number through the opt-in, we're going to SMS, email, and have our setters contact them and also drive them to a sales call, okay? Other thing is a, this is a great rule of thumb, number one. Do they see that bridge? Anytime you want to, you can network with people in there, drop questions. If you only call them once, they have 11% chance of being contacted with. So I personally like the VSL, that's why we don't do or teach low-ticket, but, you know, it does work if you wanna do it. So we can absolutely help with that. So common pitfalls, things to note in this week, as always, is just don't forget this one, like we just said. Where typically we want to get them is three to four. So a lot of times, you know, I'll get all the leads and then I'll be like, okay, well what percentage of those leads were quality? And I would have showed him what the model is, kind of how it works, right? I would definitely use this bad boy. So we really want to do, like, the general rule of thumb is any 45 seconds to a minute, we want to say, does that make sense, okay? So, we always want to do this first, and, really, we can do this immediately as we're kind of doing this whole process here. Think of full range of expression as the equivalent of that, but with tonality, okay? And they say, well, because I've tried Zillow, I tried realtor.com and I've tried Facebook ads and just nothing's worked. People buy from like, like they buy from a little bit of grit, opposed to whatever the hell this is, okay? Most people will be like, uh, no. So there's these different constraints we want to be able to like position ourselves. Your predominant strategy for the VSL, it should be the calling and the texting. Is it keeping you from accelerating and being, you know, having the cash flow necessary to hire a team and be a business owner and not your own employee, you know, what else is happening here? Like, it's just not even a, not even a question. So we don't want to wield any judgment because if we do, it's going to raise sales resistance and they're going to close off and we're not going to get the truth of what's really going on with their situation. I just focus on selling the set first, only doing that, just making sure they have a problem we can solve, like these four things, boom, then selling the set, and then what I do is I basically assume inferior frame and I ask for help using this language here, which makes it super easy, because now they're just helping you out, like we have this natural inclination to help other humans out, so it's like now they're just helping you out to fill out a form that you're supposed to do because it's your job, is the way it's framed. It's, you know, then when you ask, well, you know, you've been doing it this way for three years. If you'd like me to fall into that category, take your money and go to Costa Rica. So I got my calendar open now. And there was something his boss just said to him. If we go to our fancy diagram here, we can see introduction, information gathering, transition, this is what we covered in part one of the course, okay? We're gonna kind of chunk down a little bit, get more specific. Um, notice how, and I'll drop the link to this original call recording below in Kajabi so you can see it at 1x speed, but just listen to how natural that was. So what's really interesting here is like, with the way you pitch, you first make sure that, you know, money, logistics aside, they feel good about the process, and then after that, what we wanna do is tell them what happens after they make the investment, and then we're gonna do that actually before we tell them what the investment is, okay? Part one of the sales process. Also look at the questions bank training for more stuff on this, okay? Now that's actually this concept I'm telling you about. And I really hate to ask this, but what's your plan if nothing changes? At the end of the day, if you let those past failures dictate your future decisions and your future outcomes, you're probably only going to get, you know, more of the same. I don't know where to find sales reps I don't know how to hire them. Now I'm stretching it. We'll see you in the next video. So it's increased compliance. Okay, well, what's his current, what is he selling right now? So let's say they want to build an agency. Basically, ours, they come in Slack. It says she's actually supportive of this. They get dudes at the baseball game. Whereas with intent, they're already interested, so it's very easy, we just get them on the phone, okay? And usually what happens is your first two are a little bit long because those are the ones the prospects are kind of currently struggling with right now, and then three and four are just like what's gonna happen next, but since they not even are in those things, then you don't really need to talk much about them. With this, it's the same thing. That's the thesis, the pathway to success. If you see someone's face getting red or, or like, I mean, look, there, there's probably going to be shame on the table if you don't take that away. That's how I tee up these phrases. How's the week been? So the pitching phase has three parts, there's the promise, the bridge, and the delivery. Intent's almost the same for every single channel, whereas non-intent can be a little bit different for two steps than it is for group joints, et cetera. Just let them sit there, okay? Cause we wanna avoid people who don't have a validated offer, don't have a good program, don't have good case studies, they don't have good lead flow, they want you to be, you know, a sales goal and retriever, build their sales process from scratch and basically build their business for them. You frame it in their own best interests, all right? Now, which means emotional benefit. That's what we wanna create for our business, and I'm telling you guys, your profit margins will thank you. I know I don't ask this question. It's for our sales team accelerator and it's for um Slight done for you recruiting on the front end and then done with you in terms of recruiting hiring training managing and scaling the sales team okay, so With this offer. Now if we can go to, if you can go to this document and like I just would always have this document pulled up to be honest. What we talked about, you know, placing setters. So, we'll get into the actual script for this, but really it should be pretty simple. Now I'm going to tap out real quick just to show you where we are. But I would still ask, at an eight, I would still ask this question. Now, if you do it based on booked calls, it's going to depend on your show rate and all these other things. If you're willing to settle for that, then how important is this to you, really? How would that affect other areas of your life? Now, everything that we do is all customized. The second rule of thumb I like is the one-to-one setter-to-closer ratio. Or I'll make the second one IP, third one common, fourth one common. Then finally, be sure to get your pitch reviewed and then just understand, at the end of the day, any time you implement something new in your script, especially your pitch, it's going to take 20, 25, 30 calls to sink in. I'm gonna sign off here, take a few cough drops, and drink some water. Number two is finding the right. And then once you get these done, I think this might be the next step. Don't do that. And then you explain the problem, the reason why this mistake's a problem. And a lot of that's because they're looking at us as a leader and not a salesperson. So, you know, to keep kind of going on with our scenario here, the prospect might respond, you know, yeah, but I'm just like all about the impact. I'm actually going to pull up the diagram here so you can see where we're at in the process. Definitely will. I mean, you wanna make it like these options that you use here, you wanna make them pertinent to the question that they asked. So clarity is how aligned you are with your vision, okay? So little things like this, I just like to do it just in case you wonder why I had that in there. And what's key here is when people hear mechanism, they always think like fancy name. And then lastly, we want to understand what the problem is keeping them from getting. It wasn't, it wasn't a fit. And then we can go deeper into, again, you can even use the two truths again, but go deeper into what they feel like they got that they needed versus what it lacked, so we can position our product. If you go 30 calls and you have a 10% drop in your closing percentage, you're definitely in a rut, okay? Now at your current closing ratio, what that's going to mean is what would be two you're going to need to close 10. Now, here is, this is not a trust question technically but I just threw it in here because this is where I ask it. You're not gonna get any energy from your vision. I mean, you guys should be listening to not only this training, but especially these examples on repeat, almost like you listen to it on the radio. Peace. So, it'll be helpful for you guys. Oh, one last thing. So it's like, there's different constraints in business, right? And that lead generated through marketing effort needs to be done to where it defines in this curated opportunity stream, okay? What does he call it? So then they might have a partner. Like guys, if the dude's living in a, you know, van down by the river, okay? I'm just trying to kind of paint the picture a little bit more clear here. But what I will say is, rapport is not figuring out what their favorite baseball team is and having this conversation for five to 10 minutes about people you might know in common or whatever. So let's say about 65. A big reason I see people lose sales is a lot of B2B guys, they won't get the prospects emotional enough, but a lot of B2C folks, whether they sell fitness or dating or whatever, they actually don't make the logical sales. They have no clue what's going on. We'll talk about consistency bias and why Socratic dialogue works so powerfully and how we actually execute this on the sales call. It's gonna be one to two tops, okay? We had to do it, not for our reasons, but for somebody else's reasons. We're gonna map out what's called your implementation pathway. But how long have you been trying to fix x, y, z? Either one, the system that was taught was ineffective or it was out of date, like the information that you're giving you, the system that they gave you didn't work. Now, again, in hindsight, I would have done this kind of pre-pitch type of thing. What's your revenue now? But, and then I go back into the high-level promise. There's gonna be what's called problems-first syntax and something called goals-first syntax, okay? And it's like, okay, well, tell me about that. She's in my Facebook group, by the way. You're large, open, and you're taking up space, okay? So most of the time with people with missing projections, it's actually hedging with your volume, okay? The best example of this I ever heard is, and pitch anything, Owen Clath talks about how the, the plastic surgeon in society and in his community, he has a lot of power. And then I kind of hit a little bit of one-on-one here. A lot of effort creating all of this stuff. I'm trying to think of a good example with this one. High level promise is a one to two sentence, or it's one to two sentences, that states the end promise result your offer or your program is designed to provide, OK? Were you able to access that video? Okay, well, let's see how that's working out for you. So we have phases, parts, outcomes. And I'll say something like, are you sure? Like when I get in zone, I get in the flow, I am like unstoppable on calls. So that's partner. And it's just so funny, like you can even see it, sales team, in my, with either me, in my face, like how much I'm even leaning into the camera, and it's just, you can see it in the level of certainty, okay? Problems-first syntax, goals-first syntax. What would she think if she knew you were on this call? There was definitely some errors there. So that's what is at their heart of hearts, not necessarily the agency. Now, if you're a sales rep, okay, few key distinctions before we dive in. Because where we see people screw up all the time is, it's like, oh, well, I've got $20,000, or I got 20,000 phone numbers in the CRM, like you guys need to call these leads, call all the leads, I want every lead called. Do you know them like that? And usually, 95% of the time, I just ask this one. So I included that one because it's a little fancy. So, just to ask you a question, have you ever been around somebody and you cared? Week five, we hit objections. And the reason why this is so important is when I was selling full time, and I just give some numbers here. So I'm kind of doing a little bit of a two truths here, you know, and now going how long you've been doing it, right? Like, I didn't even need to have a script open. So for women's dating, it would be probably, like, tell me about the relationship that you want to be in, right? Now, if you're doing group, or if you're doing a PDF download, or any sort of really cheap lead magnet, not a VSL webinar, you're going to be more on the 1,000, 800 to 1,200 side of leads per month per setter. Not the worst thing in the world by any means, but what I do is say, okay, that makes all sense. So in that case, what we want to do is we want to reverse engineer, or even if they said, everything's fine. And do you have September's numbers? That's gonna get us our goal. So if that's something I'm willing to do for you, letting it in for 2,900 now. But that's it for this. That's basically what I stated here in the committing phase. Well, you've been doing that for a whole year now, right? Nobody wants to be the type of person who makes decisions based out of fear. They're lucky if we make them an offer and if they say no, it's their loss. So now, next, we're going to cover how to do this actually on a phone call. Then I also list out all the leading indicator activities, like 30 minutes on Messenger. Super basic transition. If they've tried something in the past, let's say they tried a coaching program to fix their lead generation. And then based on that, and kind of the context of what you're doing in business right now, I can hook you up with an actual piece of content that would be relevant and useful based on whatever you're struggling with business and most focused on right now. This one-two punch here, guys, it's going to bump them back into the pocket almost 90% of the time. Just an example, maybe. Um, another question you can ask is why is that important now though? Definitely. But this is really a game changer, and it's going to be fun to go through for you guys. And the reframe that I've been trying to use is, you know, I'm sure your intention is to not be a financial burden to them, but isn't it more important that you make sure you get a high paying job so that long-term, you know, you have like financial security independence so that you're not a burden to them, you know, in the long run. What are you up to? So for instance, aside from speaking with me, have you been out there looking for other sales coaches that would help you bring on a few more sales reps as well as train them? And this training is on support questions. Well, in this stage, what we're going to do is redesign your entire sales process by implementing what I call the reverse selling system. Anytime you live stream, make sure you call to action. So that wraps up this training. Um, what are you doing for work right now? So there's some questions I asked here, but those would be like my main two, all right? And it's not just those heavy consequences. And that's like the cherry on top. So you just lead with these questions and you really get a full understanding here of the problem. So we've all had things, whether it was with our health and fitness, if it was with our business or income, in a relationship. And so what I'm trying to teach you guys is like the key to this though is to know the problems beforehand and then be able to craft these questions beforehand. So like I said, it doesn't come up that often. Do not call your prospects idiots on the phone, but you need to have that calm inner sense of certainty that you know, every bone in your body knows, inside of you, that what you're saying is true, okay? But sometimes, man, you need to really ask what people want. So formula number two, same as number one, but the lead-in is different, and we're going to use the prospect's language about their logical and emotional pain. But, even if you don't use those, you can free flow, and as long as you check these off, you're going to understand if and how you can help somebody, and two, eliminate objections before the close. There's bad offer Bad leads Or some types of like systems and scaling related challenge that could come to sales team Uh fulfillment delivery, it's probably going to be fulfillment and delivery and processes, right? What is the challenge, okay? And if they're like super, you are apathetic, which is like very, very rare. Now, this is also going to help you have your offer positioned as something new and unique, OK? Now, that's the surface level. All of these guys, if you need them, right? And you'll see how it hits all of the areas I listed here. I get you, man. Okay, so we only need to even go through 15 seconds to see how bad this is. The pitfall is just don't overcomplicate it and don't implement this stuff at the cost of just sounding really scripted and awkward, okay? A hundred grand a month. And then same thing, your offer if you sell paid ads. So exactly what outcome are we looking for with our pain questions? So that could come off a little bit judgmental, better way to go about it if you're going to have that issue is be okay. Just one rapport question. Um, I mean, dude, is there, I feel like we covered everything, you know, thinking about goals, sales team recruiting areas, you tripped up areas. So now I'm trying to figure out what he's doing now to try to fix the problem. So, uh, you know, instead of getting, getting into like, you know, four or five hour long laundry list of like every single different possibility in terms of like budgeting options and strategies that we could go over to, you know, I'd love to talk about it. If I would've asked, any questions on that? You wanna create this a little bit of dialogue, and don't be afraid that the prospect's gonna take control, dude. If you make that the centerpiece of your entire outbound team strategy, you're never going to be able to get good people, and they're never going to produce that well, and you're just going to have a shitty team. I really should handle the spouse objection. I definitely wouldn't go lower than that. And Alloware might even have notifications for this. No, I was just driving a faster vehicle. And these kind of coincide with, if you watch the belief ladder, the seven beliefs the prospect needs to have to buy. And also, like, when you're at really high scale without lead delegation, we found a ton of leads falling through the cracks, and no way to hold anybody accountable. Great for B2B offers. So for example, if my local area code is 740, so I grew up in Ohio and Columbus, it's 740 there. So let's get into our overview here. Yep, done. We wanna ask one pointed question at a time, and we wanna use brevity. Only thing left is the investment, are you comfortable talking about that at this point? Now let's go through the pitch creation worksheet, OK? It's a consistent way. I won't say never, but probably not going to get a weird answer and you'll get a way better answer. Like, what's your website? They're raising their hand because they want the event recordings of your last event or whatever it is, right? Like, dude, I just made, like what you guys just heard there, I just made up on the spot, okay? It will be a game changer for you. We might just say, gotcha, man. Yeah, well with your ads Look at the training. Well, is there anything else you feel like we haven't covered just about your business, your goals, your pains, whatever? I think I'm good on my end. Oh, two years ago. Oh, what's that going to be? And you're 100% gonna be able to make that time, no chance to reschedule? That's what the promise does. Typically, we find calling a new opt-in is better than calling a no-show. It's like, what are we looking for here? What this is not is a course where we just give you a bunch of videos and modules and just give that all to you and tell you good luck. So more likely than not, I don't really need to cover the spouse because like investing in their business is the norm. So we want to chunk that down, okay great so You know what we have found Through working with dozens of clients is that having a full pipeline of sales reps is going to allow you to hire from sales abundance Opposed to self-scarcity and actually have the biggest hire of eliminating this hires and hiring a player which is who you really want So let's kind of take an inventory of your pipeline here just last week How many new potential candidates like good quality candidates? It's like, I don't need to, you know? Then you're gonna briefly explain it, OK? What is there left after that? Now, business partner questions, these are the easiest, all right? And I can't enjoy it. That makes a lot of sense in the context without it though. I just got to get the right people, get ahold of the right people, make sure that it's, it's the right person before I put them on the phones. So what happens in a lot of ways is, you know, the prospect will open up about their pain and you know, all, you know, I'm not getting enough traffic on my website and this is affecting my business that way. So we're looking at YouTube, but like, we're not the type to where we wanna just figure it out on our own. It makes it so fluid, okay, especially the way I did it. Why not stay where you're at? It's just like a good, it's a good bridge between like, it's just so much better than asking, well, how would that affect you personal? I'm going to play this at one and a half times. It's like, you know, they know why you're asking. Let's say you're doing a two-step. This is going to be a really important training, because this is what really gets you a one or two call close almost every single time. So I listed out all of the questions you can ask down here. We'll go into these probably in the next video or the video after, when we go into cost. And I mean, my side of that was, I told you earlier, it's like, I'm, I'm pretty capable guy. It just kind of seems like a number where I'll be able to go get all of that, if that makes sense. Are all their habits in line? And then like they say something like that and you're like, okay, well, how does this all tie in together? So I'm totally fine with the idea of bringing people in. That's like, you're the biggest risk that you can have. Feel good? Listen to it, you know, when you're cooking, just throw it on. This is the worst, okay? And then I started to give, I started to kind of feedback some of the stuff he's saying as context to justify why I'm curious and asking the question, further compliance. Once we get you there, would you know how to implement more of a paid ad strategy to where you can scale profitably? And he wants to take her out. Pretty much the same, man. So like at this point, you know, imagine if this call gets to the end of the close and he's like, I want to think about it, which would like never even happen in this sense. Is it even available to me? So you see how I'm rolling downhill with my tonality in this one, it's on, it's very downward inflecting, it's, hey, if you're on this page, listen up, you know, it's, I've told this, we've done this with a thousand people, a thousand people have been through this process, I know exactly what the next steps need to be, so that you don't waste time, I don't waste time, let's get into it, right? Like the last thing we want to do is what one minute, 29 seconds in just give away the fact that we're a salesperson, you know? So to be able to bump them up into the pocket or in this kind of diagram, bump them to the right, we want to use stories, we want to use case studies and other forms of proof, reason why proof, whatever, to really build a belief that it is possible. So they already know they can trust you. I'm going to tell you guys this. So example, the biggest area coaches and consultants trip up is building their house on a foundation of sand with a very need-to kind of offer. Like if you're in health and fitness, and you're teaching somebody how to naturally lose weight, their alternative might be an invasive surgery that I don't know, I mean, I don't know anything about invasive surgeries, but that could ruin their life. Somebody's alternative to not working with you to fix their business might be them going out of business and not being able to provide for their family. It is crazy effective how well this stuff works. Then he starts to tell you kind of like all the things that are great about it. And again, set the user to yourself, I'm going to go Ben, apply, and then we're going to add the tasks. How many wins are you listening to a week? Like, walk me through that day, like, what happened? You can't just create a setting position just around doing this. But I would recommend using one of our referral partners to just kind of help you with the tech and the workflow side of things. This is normal, we fix these problems all day, every day. I think what's standing out to me is just making sure to really create that contrast and then emphasize it and make sure it's understood. It walks them through these seven beliefs. So this is just an easy parlay into that. So this is like saying, you know, there's a great example of this is when I launched this program, I only had 10 spots, okay? So the three filters are the certainty of the person communicating the ideas, the inner alignment of the person communicating the ideas, and the other people's thoughts and ideas around the idea itself, or in other words, social proof. But at the same time, if we're gonna get the full context of the truth of the problem and what's really going on, then what we must do is get Dan on the call, because if he's responsible for that, he's gonna have insight that's gonna help us both get clarity on ultimately what you guys need and what you guys need to fix to be able to get your business at $30,000 to $40,000 a month within the next nine weeks. We'll give examples of what those are later. Yeah, typically it's like two. He's gonna let you kind of voice whatever problem is going on, okay? The other thing is too, at that one-to-one ratio, you can usually get your setters pretty locked in at 20 to 30 sets per week, which is very good. It's non-intent. So this is basically the exact game plan for the next 90 days, the SOPs we need to go through now, items I need you to take care of, items I'm gonna take care of for you, how often we're gonna meet, how we're gonna meet, and so on. And no worries, man. We always wanna learn the lesson and then more importantly, implement the lesson. Um, so when you're scaling a business like this, I don't know if it's specific for this or not, but do you think it's more important to have your sales team dialed in first before having a team in place? And that's a little distinction, but very important. So it's the same offer. And like, if that objection came up, I would have just decimated it. And they'll be like, no, I didn't hit my projection. So it's so easy. So this should be the first video, maybe the second video in the week. So we're going to cover the difference between intent and non-intent, the different scripts. I'd say it's this like glad like last week was like really good this week's been challenging I'm I'm at two deals have one more that should come in today. So the promise is what I call the high-level promise, and it's really where we're restating our hard offer here. But use your intuition here so it makes sense. So I'm just going to go over this outline. An example of this is, okay, so we're gonna have one one-on-one call a week where you're going to get accountability so that you can ultimately stay on your diet consistently and therefore lose the weight you want and be more attractive to the opposite sex, okay? So can I ask you an honest question? Nobody likes to be not open-minded. So again, the tie-downs. So we're helping them understand when they get solved with that, they're going to have this other problem. It's crazy. And it also is future pacing them into those things. So you kinda have to play that by ear, especially if you're a fluid process like we are to where sometimes we do one call, sometimes we do two call, just depends. So it's like by asking questions, this is what Socratic dialogue is all about, is like by asking questions, they're getting actual clarity on their situation. Maybe it's a real estate agent. So let's define the COS for the group funnel. I don't really know what I would do past that to be honest. And that's not just any leads. They just need, they have a genuine problem being solved. And people are scrolling through that on their calls as their script. And last year a school shooter came in and he doesn't really feel safe with his wife being in the school system anymore. They haven't even thought of that's going to come up next. What's great about scales of one to 10 is you set the criteria. Not a robot. Like Cole did right there. The problem I've had with this is in long form copy, it sounds great. What about, we'll only go one month back after that. All right, we can only influence somebody through our philosophy and energy that we have inside of ourselves. So what we need to do is we need to make sure we fully understand the situation first, right? What's drawing your attention? And they said, when so-and-so salesperson explained the process, that just made sense. Have you thought about the type of legacy you wanna leave behind for your family? The explanation is really the most important part. And then usually, it's not that hard to link the other pillars to certainty, right? So really what we're gonna be doing is finding out the offer that's perfect for your personal goals, your experience, your current level of skill, also what you're interested in. The last one is need payoff questions. Because it's all customized, right? And I never give multiple investments. So that's what I'm saying, how this stuff all kind of parlays together. Then from there, we're going to send you some homework to complete, okay? So what I'm really just with these questions, I'm just like getting them to tell me they need help. So we want to get clear on what they want with a data point. How do you want the people who you've impacted to think about you when you're gone, right? And it's also, he probably doesn't know how to find and recruit and train sales reps to take over for him obviously, or he would have fixed the challenge. I mean, when I was selling full time, I would do about $350,000 a month for the company I was selling for. Okay, so, notice how I booked a follow-up call here, too. Is that inconsistency in the ups and downs to where one month you get really good referrals and the next month you don't? Meaning, like, you know, they're doing $7,000 a month. Some key distinctions here. What we're gonna wanna do is first just take six deep breaths. I'm probably leaving half of that on the table. You're near the goal. That's a little bit more high-level. So what we wanna avoid is a situation where, you know, you come in, you're 110%, this is exactly what you need to do, this is the solution to your problem, the best next step in your business, and you hop in, and your partner is still left feeling so-so, they're anything less than 100%, because what that's gonna do is create friction within the process, which not only isn't good for our client's success rate, but that's gonna sabotage your result, and we don't want that either. And we need to create doubt in their cup, pour some of their water out, and since we're overflowing, we overcome that and we fill their cup up, and then therefore, we influence them, all right? You get what I mean, right? You did say that, but still, how do you just bypass that? So how do we know we're in a rut, okay? So what I mean by that is like Tony Robbins says, life supports that which support life. I was just calling about the, and then we'll do the free options when that's what I'm doing here. So that's how I would do that. Thank you page drives right to the group. I'm just making this up. Week two is gonna be all about how to think about sales. That's why I put it first. I don't even know if it's a hack. We're going to do that here Okay So we're going to do that here. My problem is I don't even know. And then inside of you, you need to have this ironclad conviction that every bone in your body knows what you're saying is true, okay? And, you know, talk about nerves, talk about fear, because then you can use what we're going to do in the objection handling week, in week four, you can use the frameworks with that to coach them through fear. In fact, this is exactly what I've done. That's like kind of the expert business one. So the last thing we do is the sales team build, OK? Are you working extra hours? Because we're going to take notes on each. And that's going to help us on limited uncertainty-based objections, like I need to do more research on you guys. And it's a very easy one to kinda tailor in there as well is like, this is why you failed in the past type of thing because your offer sucked, because your pitch sucked. But man, like if we could have got that one level deeper, it would have been like, you know, a job getting a, cause you know what, what are they going to say? Week one, or sorry, week zero is the week we're in right now. Preferably seven and a half hours or more of sleep and going to bed at the same time and waking up at the same time every night. I personally go for eight and a half hours a night and I always go to bed at 8.30 and wake up at 5 a.m. I've been doing that for years. That's number one. Then, you know, I would just ask, hey, well, can I ask you an honest question? So what's being taught right now, I see it kind of one of two ways. So what I'm gonna do here is I'm gonna go through this twice and one's gonna be really, really bad. That's keys to high performance. I'm kind of doing the 80-20 thing that you mentioned where like, but when I think someone might have a financial issue, I'm trying to come at it from a leadership position of figuring out, you know, figure out what their financial situation is so that I can give them the right guidance and recommendations. So I just thought you'd think that was interesting because I know I mentioned earlier that he was kind of like you, okay? So this is an important point here, because everybody asks me, how do I know when I've gone deep enough? I would rather run the business. Even when we get into desire later, the desire is the compelling future of what it's like when they fix the problem. This could be webinar VSLs, guides. We have to have a target, right? And when you're in control, that leads to conviction. So that two truths and been using that, but they just, they don't want to go there, right? Why not stay where you're at in question, bro. If you can help them, just go to the close and then get cash on hand and credit after they're already sold on the fact that they want to do it. Drill it relentlessly, but when you're on the call, shut your mind down, be completely present, do what's natural. But especially local business owners, man, they don't do that stuff. So these are all questions we can ask. Can I ask you an honest question? The question almost doesn't exist when I frame it like that, or that answer doesn't exist when I frame it like that. Like, for instance, if somebody tells me they're doing $4,000 a month, their expenses are $3,500 a month, and they're basically living paycheck to paycheck, OK, it makes sense for me. Did you get in your head a little bit? This is how you build it. And they'll be like, yeah, man, I definitely want to go through the freaking A to Z. And then, will you watch, I mean, if you put it on 2x speed, you'll get through the majority of that video in probably like 20 minutes. Or is that net? Outputs as well. I almost never have anybody be like, oh, this training's bad. I mean, this is a fake call, right? I just was trying to give you a shout, but I might've caught you at a bad time. And then, it turns, and that justifies the reason you do what you do, so that you can benefit, and ultimately benefit, which is just the inverse of these. So the key here is you want them to come in and set their projections for the year, for the quarter, for the month, for the week, for the day. So you're basically gonna take each deliverable and list out the benefits, and then the benefits of the benefits. It's not like I'm reading from a script. This is a different type of frame that I was going into and I was like, cool. By the way, what we're going to do is when I get to the transition, we're going to pause, do Q and a, and then, uh, cause I don't know what time it is, but, and then finish this up next week. I don't think we do that anymore. And then every single time, I'll show you guys the scripts. So again, this is really the foundation we're gonna build everything else upon. Cole? Financial questions are down here. Somebody might be like, I'm really, really struggling generating leads right now. And by the way, a frame is a point of perspective that's supported by your identity, your beliefs, and your values, okay? So, again, I learned that from a COO of IBM, and this pressure is going to stretch them to levels of high performance they never knew were capable, okay? You know, I don't really have a biggest challenge right now. Oh man, I just want to scale up for impact. Okay, yeah, that's why all that stuff didn't work. And one in which is not going to burn your team out and actually going to empower them to achieve new levels of performance that they never would have achieved by themselves. So what are the personal goals, kind of the non-monetary goals that you want your business to allow you to achieve, if that makes sense? Oh, it's been, you know, six months, right? You know, it depends, man. Um, that's number one. But anyhow, as we get into the financial part, so let's say either they tell you a yearly number, or sometimes I like to do it on the past three months. This is a great question, guys. Very, very good when you're starting off. If you go down to, here it is, down here, if you read through this, it shows you specific scripting, like a back and forth between the prospect and myself of how you can frame if they've tried everything and they've been burned. So these questions, again, you can really use them any time. So the way you do this is, I know this is projections up here, so this is kind of confusing, but what we're gonna do is make sure, you wanna keep your projection here just so you remember what it is, and then 13, and then we're gonna reverse engineer what we need to do to get 13, all right? I'm just telling you what I did. I mean, I've already got the process for my clients to go through. More so, they're in a state of resolve, okay? So, like, don't tune out if you have a health offer or a dating offer. Depends on where he's spending all of his time. We call it speed to lead, okay? But morning priming is really important. Oh, he's setting calls for you. Tends not to be as effective in this funnel as load ticket and VSLs in the calling, but it's definitely worth testing once you dial these three in right here, if you look at my screen. It's totally normal for where you're at. The common example of this is like a doctor, right? See how I'm asking for all this with absolute certainty. So is that something you have the bandwidth to be able to allocate right now? With like dropshipping, I made a little bit of money, but like, I mean, dude, you said you've done it. So all of those questions will work here. So the indirect VSL is a little bit more for kind of B2C type offers, the direct is a little bit more for B2B type offers, but the setter process is literally the exact same, okay? There's a super simple two message script that I use to where when anybody, because I get tons of DMs every single day, tons. So, okay, so suppose we invited you in and I connected you with my personal Rolodex and you had a steady stream of people to talk to, and you were able to bring on three to four sales reps pretty much immediately. So again, go through this real fast. Because if you let your prior circumstances dictate your decisions of where you want to take this in the future, and you let your past failures keep you from making decisions you really need to do to get to where you really want to go, then where do you think you're going to go? Do you know how to do that? I keep going back to this dating thing. So just a full understanding of the context and then the severity, all right? If you don't have one, let me know and I can give you mine. Then pillars three and four, and I put three and four because you might have three pillars or you might have four pillars. They're motivated. If not, you know, don't want to blow up your phone. But I mean, even if you're doing 30%, that means 70% of the people you speak with, for one reason or another, don't buy. I just, and also my authority and all this stuff, I just don't need to, I can leave the call without it. Two a day is like, if they're doing two a day, that's at least 10 a week, 40 a month. Also, like, an immediate sense of clarity, right? So, I'll maybe try to add this so that you guys have it if you download the document. But I didn't have to ask that here just because of the kind of the context here. Like, I haven't really figured out, like, what the next step is of sales. I mean, dude, she's probably like the most supportive person on the planet. And I just love it. Well, if somebody just brings that up, OK, that's obviously right there, a consequence in and within itself. Was there a community of like-minded people to support you through with your growth, or is it just like 10 one-on-one calls that you bought? So, you know, I don't wanna see you aim lower than what you're truly capable of and what your potential is. The next one, and I hope this one's not too confusing, is inspiration, all right? So a lot of people will just give you that. David. It's actually all my original videos in 7FSA 1.0 on all of these different questions for each of these categories, okay? I'm not a fitness expert, so maybe that's what you would say. And the reason why this is so important, guys, is if the goals of the program are too low, or your prospect's goals for your program are too low, it's not going to be able to justify the price. So let's move on. Ramp-Up is when you're going from zero into KPI on a new offer, okay? So I hope you won't mind me asking a little bit of questions here, just so I can establish some context. So I just took it. So we have a whole week's worth of training on objections. It's just not even up for debate here. I mean, like, he doesn't even need this right now, right? You have new leads, which are people that have opted in within the last 24 hours. That's a, that's a fulfillment bottleneck. Right, that's just common sense, right? So, this helps us slow down the committing phase, really create like a space with our call and language and silence and ease into the investment drop without it raising sales resistance or overwhelm, okay? That just really gives them momentum, OK? In the corporate sales world, the number one measurement of the quality of any lead is the speed in which it's contacted. This training is on finances and resources, so discovering if your prospect really is able and willing to invest into your offer. That sounds good. You build rapport, build relatability. It's awesome. So, once you get on a good offer, the biggest thing, man, is getting from zero to KPI as fast as possible. The common sales miss, first of all is the most common ones, you've got to be like high energy and extroverted or even high pressure to be good at sales. Obviously finances are the easy one, lead generation problem is the easy one, but like I showed you with the dating, you can apply this to anything. We're going over sales philosophy, how to manage your energy, sales mindset, inner game, subcommunication and tonality, okay? And then in the vision questions, we'll get really, really clear on not just the monetary vision, right? Nope. So this one's pretty simple. But like to be able to actually get you the outcome, right? If you guys wanna go deeper on this, there's a book called Why We Do What We Do by Edward Dessy. In this example, if we chunked it down, and after taxes, he's doing $3,500. So something, something that Cole did really well there is he allowed both Cole in the example and the prospect, excuse me, to both be the observer in the situation. So making big investments in his business, in my market, like, like nobody's going to be working with me if they haven't worked with like a coach before, most likely, like usually they've worked with Sam Evans, Kristen Taylor, Rufino, Scott Alford, et cetera. I do my gratitude. This is for buyers, non-buyers, everything. And there's just no reason for me to do it if I don't need to. Nope, don't know how to do that. Now obviously, with different industries, if they talk with another person and the salesperson's not nearly as good, they're not using what you're learning in this program, you're going to have a huge upper hand. Like I'm smart enough to create a great business, but I have no idea how really to scale it. So I'm not saying you should do this every time, but it is a very, especially for business offers, really any offer. I feel like it's been way better. I said exactly the same thing that, you know, you guys are going to say on these calls. You know, when you say secure, you know, what does security really mean to you, right? But guys, when I suggest people do that, typically what happens is they force it, they overdo it, and then they throw out all these fancy, unique names that sound like bullshit, and it backfires, OK? What do you call it, text, whatever. So they might be, non-intent would be like, they're raising their hand for a training, right? Attend the setting calls, and that's in 7FSA. Again, pen and pad, something to take notes with. That's kind of your goal right now, but we're actually gonna make that your projection, okay? One's not good, one's not bad, but we want to know both of these, be able to define both of them, understand what they are, and make sure we're applying a healthy balance here. So it's like, I'm kind of just pointing out the obvious change in pattern of behavior here. But these other six beliefs, we're going to do before we transition so we can eliminate objections before we even pitch or close. So knowing that to be true, how do we create and build internal pressure? But I also wanna tell you in the context of like, we're always taking in information, constantly, every day, all day. Do you like it? We got this coach from here, we got this coach from there. Good pendulum swing there. Those are your kiddos in the background. They're gonna be like, Oh, that makes perfect sense. It's over. Oh, why is that a problem? Like what you guys don't want to do is qualify so hard financially in the front end that it just sets a weird sales frame on the conversation or you just disqualify. Instead of group coaching call, sales clinic. A lot of people will be like, oh, well, it sounds good, but what's price, right? Like, what if there was a way in which your team just naturally wanted to do follow-ups every single day without you even saying anything? And that's why I was able to do that so quickly. So it should be three deals, which is kind of a Low like not a great week for me. And then here, so I'm using the prospects language. Now, also, put differently, you guys might have heard that there's a current situation of the prospect and a desired situation of the prospect. How do you, how do you do that? You know, let me ask you just an honest question, okay? Wait, then I just gain it back. Step number one, you create a high-performance culture where not hitting projections is unacceptable, okay? Like what's really going on. So the best way to explain a hard offer is a specific result within a specific timeframe. And then from there, ready to rock and roll. I let it act as a baseline. So just, I see people, especially setters, like, so if you're a setter listening to this, I see guys just way over qualifying financially, and they're disqualifying people that they could have sold. Cool, so, then you wanna do the temperature check. I can walk you through the process of exactly how I would make that happen pretty much A to Z, if you would like. So in that case, you might start off with easier background questions and then progress into something like the two truths, which you'll learn all of that in the trainings in the future. Don't worry about a story. Was there a moment where just enough was enough, and you decided that staying where you're at now is just no longer tolerable? Just making it an easier yes than looping in that way. So, your ecosystem is prolific content marketing, outbound prospecting with setters, and leadership-based follow-up. Now, for you business owners, imagine if you had four sales reps who could 2X their production by doing this in their pipeline. Some good inputs to have. Now, obviously, doing follow-up the right way is an essential part of that. I want to talk about how we transition this to the cost. It's just a matter of doing it. I just wring this off the cuff, okay? Is there any other reason that this is important? And then you're doing outbound methods in the group, which is the group joins, the two steps, live streams, that type of stuff. Like there's always like a, is there anything else? So that would be an example where you outbound call, and then from the outbound call, you're setting the triage call or the queue call. It's probably the best objections training on the planet, and we go very in depth with that, scripting everything you'll need to know to really become a master at navigating those conversations. Now, some people are already doing high-ticket, they just want to get to the next level, they just need help with traffic. We're getting into what's coming in, what are the sources? Now in terms of daily workflow, how it's going to work is we're actually going to have two instances of AlloWare and separate windows, and I'll show that in a second. But when you get down to it, it's like, or let's use dating. Gotcha, and what's your leadership structure like? So again, once we get into this phase here, right, there's these different types of checkboxes that we're gonna have to hit. Yeah, like, like, if I don't want to work on Thursday, then I'm not gonna work on Thursday type of thing. Then we're gonna go into how to pitch. A lot of people are gonna say 80-20. Off the phone, and 10 being, okay, this sounds like exactly what I need. If you get an eight or below, eight is actually fine, okay? We're also gonna talk about rituals for sales success, which is basically gonna take a lot of what we talk about through this entire training and boil it down to just really, really simple things you can do every single day just to assure that you're always performing at a high level and that you don't fall into ruts. Sometimes you can't tell. Another element of the Pitch Codex is it creates a logical bridge from current situation to desired situation. Okay, so this is actually gonna be vulnerable for you, and just give it to you here, because this is kind of embarrassing, and it's sad because even when I recorded this first one, like I know better than this, but it just goes to show, like I was just kind of doing paid traffic for the very first time, I was very uncertain, and the uncertainty was the root cause of this kind of shitty energy and tonality, okay? I can definitely see how like this is gonna provide for me for the next few years. So not using a local dialer, this is another one. Or I could say, I'm gonna teach you how to create the objectionless close by learning the seven beliefs your prospect must have to buy and how you can easily install them on your sales calls by using my reverse selling system so that you can close 50% of the more your prospects without having to memorize a bunch of canned rebuttals. And what roles do they have? So obviously it's a contextual question here, but you wanna say how would getting to 30 grand a month make you feel, right? Like it's not this hyped up, pumped up certainty like we talked about earlier, but it's like you know, like you're the mechanic. Cause if they're giving you resistance, even with the scale of one to 10, I don't think the scale of one to 10 is an issue, but it's just like. I'll add this link to the training description that's beneath this video. All right, same thing. That's how you do the frame the call. Then we're gonna hit the call introduction, okay? Then we're gonna use a combination of background questions along with probing questions, okay? It's actually the best one to leave it in the spouse and partner, right? But in a perfect world, sometimes you have just really compliant prospects that are just answering you and giving you clear, succinct responses to everything that you're asking. And I would just include this in your identity document. You know, I know this is a personal question, but, you know, how do you want your family to think of you in general? They don't know what's possible. So then I'll say, OK, cool. Then we got to dial in a sales team, so on and so forth. But like, is there a way to reframe this elegantly as like, it's not a cost, it's an investment. When you project that you're gonna make five cells this week and you tell yourself that, it's done. Like, for me to tie this down, I kind of get an agreement at the same time that they've already been through all these things. It's like they have a business. As soon as all of those leads are used up and you don't have any new incoming leads, that's where we're going to open a second instance of AlloWare and we're going to load a power dialer. No, I think we're good there. So, anyways, keep going. We're going to start with the problem. You'll hear them on the other side of the line. Like, you can set a timer on it to where if the lead's not contacted in 10 minutes, it round robins to the next setter. Brian at bitprocoach.com. So you get the ammo you need nine times out of 10, you're just going to get it. Resolve is that you have this conviction that it's so likely to happen that it's basically already done. Like, and this is a problem that I've had with like just mentality problem is like they're not, they don't see advertising as like a unit change in their business. I can walk you through the process pretty much A to Z if you would like, but you tell me where you want to go. So you still want to know what that bad experience is all about so you can position yourself away from that and nip that in the bud before it comes up. So you hear a lot in sales like the question of what's going to happen if nothing changes, right? Oh, OK, well, why now, though? When I first started and did very in-person work or how should I say in-person? Right, usually once the setter's good, the setter closing rate should be a little bit higher than what you get from inbound leads. So this is why we wanna hedge our leading indicators to hit our lagging indicators, all right? And honestly, if they can do even half the closing percentage that I have, that would be, gosh, let's think through that for a second. Just know that this stuff is important and take notes, get it down. You could make it not differentiated at all, and just follow the structure, make it super clear, super simple, and it would crush, probably compared to what you're doing now. So obviously, these are cost questions. Let's say we were together, and it's 90 days from now. So, I'm teaching you guys this in hindsight. Obviously, this is like a B2B example type of thing here. Because I used to sell to realtors way back in the day. Like, why can't you just tell me what this has, you know, how you can help me? Well, I want to talk about that and give you some insight on how you can create some leverage because I feel like that's what you're missing right now. Remember, the pitch should be the simultaneous explanation of why this is gonna be different, and why everything they tried in the past has failed, okay? Okay, great, so last time we talked about key point number one, key point number two, key point number three, right, right, right. So this is pretty straightforward. Or they'll be like, Oh, it's just a matter of time. It's gonna help to know your numbers going into this because you wanna kind of hedge with these percentages as well. And all you had to do was just remain silent for a little bit longer. The second temp check is scale of one to 10. This training's called the committing phase. Nothing works without understanding of this mechanism here. And then we just restate. If not both. Tell me more. If you watch Leonardo DiCaprio, you might be in love with him. So, and the last one is, do you have an idea of closing the gap? Like what do you sell and at what price point? I always tie down right before I go for the close. Or what does she think? So I'm an introvert, I've had these types of results, you don't have to be extrovert to be good. I'm going to make sure it does. Because what questions do you have on that implies that they actually do have a question, and it makes them think, oh, well, what questions do I have on that? Now, this other stuff is pretty simple and we've kind of talked about it. Like in my example, typically these two problems, they're always gonna be together. How long past that? They're saying, well, so what your question is when they ask, why not stay where you are? This is like 15 seconds. Because if you're in a fitness offer, if they're working at Walmart, that's a huge red flag versus if they're a nurse, or if they're a PA, or maybe they're a doctor, right? And then as you get this Google Doc, check out these comments. So like dating, fitness, stuff like that, OK? So you see how this is actually kind of what used to be referred to as the pre-pitch method. 225 pounds. Like what's your plan in the last three years or like the next three years of this business? So just to get further clear here, typically what I found when clients reach out to me is it's for one or two reasons, if not both. So some sort of language like that, man, you want to contrast it. So, instead of being pretty much, you know, hung up the drive, you'll always have our offer, our Rolodex of clients as a safety net to fall back on. Throughout the 12 weeks, you'll be working with us right now. So I told you about, like, the asset utilization. Listen to them actively at first and script it out by hand. Okay, and how many of those did you close? That's a yes or no question. And you know, instead of probing deeper and going into more clarifying questions to get clear on what's going on, you know, somebody will start to say, because they want to either help the prospect or, or demonstrate their like industry slash product knowledge. So this is not something you have to do forever. Maybe they're not in one, and they want to get in one. So if the problem is not elicited though, they're not going to see the value in the investment because they're not going to understand how you can help them. And we also, this is not always essential, but this is what I call widening the gap. We're also going to talk about the two emotions you must have to transfer to your prospect, or the two emotions you must transfer to your prospect. That is how, like, when I got good at sales, guys, I'm telling you, I would find people better than I was, and I would listen to their calls, I'm not even kidding, 30 times in a row sometimes. He's been one of my mentors for a long time, and here is Hell Island that we've clearly defined. So if you guys feel like there's more pressure than there should be in that situation, there's probably a third party shame that they're experiencing or something like that. Which is an offer we haven't really released yet, but I just created the pitch. You know, never heard from you yesterday. But it is critical. About half, about 200 grand a month, would come from long-term follow-up. And then what I would do, and this is what I used to do all the time, is I'd point out somebody I mentioned earlier on the call, okay? Next, we're gonna do the trust questions and also transitioning out of info gathering, okay? But if you don't do like a one-on-one onboarding type of system, then I would do something like this. I know last time we talked, you wanted to build a setter team. So, ready to go on number three? Also, when they tell me the things they want emotionally or the ultimate goals they have, I write these down in the pitch section and that way I have that language to use to weave back into my pitch. And so I've started lately to feel like, like making the money I actually want to make, like it's impossible with what I'm doing now. That's it for this training, guys. The main one, as I've just given, is basically what do you feel like is keeping you from figuring that out on your own? It's almost ingrained in your being that it's going to happen, okay? So knowing that and kind of establishing that on the front end, you could start your pitch off like, let me tell you what this is not. Should be a short video. So those are two different ones there with a, Oh, we just started some strategies that we think are going to work. They can also show you and let you know if these are the scripts they're still using. But it's a huge lead gen process your setters can use as you get opt-ins through whatever funnel you're running with ads. I mean, if somebody is really giving me a hard time, it's because this isn't inspiring to me at all. Are they involved in your business? How many interviews have you done in the past? We can go back and Q&A here in like 20 30 minutes after I get through this So you guys have seen this document right this Of a Document full of questions, right? That's gonna act as the step-by-step process of how to get to point A to point B, okay? So I'll repeat that again. That being said, no questions, all makes sense. We touched on this one a little bit, but the belief ladder is really important specifically for eliminating all objections before the close to where by the time you get to the close, the prospects is basically closing themselves. Right, because a lot of times when I'm asking that, the way it's received is, well, why does that matter? The next thing you know, you've been in a rut for two or three weeks and you gotta break yourself out of that. No, that sounds perfect, right? So for instance, if the problem is, the isolated pain is, well, I don't know how to generate leads. Any questions for me before we hop off? And I use my note taking system to remind me as I'm on the calls. And like, even if I try to reframe that, that it's in their best interest to understand where they're at. I'll just tell you right up front, this is really 7 FSA 1.0, a lot of what used to be week 3 put into this section. We have a whole app grading training for more on this. The first thing we're gonna have to focus on. Okay, looking into everything. And you know you're going deeper here and then you go into your need payoff question. That's really, really good. So that's super, super simple. So he's like, yeah, I've been on the feast or famine cycle for freaking 15 years, so I got it. So I said earlier, your finances and resources, even if, let's say, you're doing a fitness offer, you want to get in that section, you want to get clear on, well, what is their current starting weight? If you take the question at face value, what's going to happen oftentimes is it'll create objections that you otherwise wouldn't have had to deal with. What I mean by non-monetary is, like, if we're in a B2B offer, I'm going to explain this for B2C in just a second. So I mean, it was just, it's just going to be whoever they speak with last. What we're going to say is, okay, well, can I challenge you for a second on that? So we're going to end with this question. So if you have a full calendar, this is gonna take up space in which otherwise you could be making an offer and you could be having another call. I learned out about it, but, you know, instead of like doing that for five or six hours, what's probably going to be more appropriate is let me get a full idea in the context of where you're at. Okay, got it. No, but again, death by a thousand cuts. This is gonna be number of pillars to get you from X to Y in timeframe, right? That was probably a very complex definition. I see that so many times where, you know, the prospect will come on and within the first couple of sentences say that like, doesn't matter who they're going to hire that they know they're going to hire a coach because they don't want to recreate the wheel and then the salesperson spends the rest of the conversation like trying to corner them into admitting that they can't do it and it's like, hey man, like they basically already said they wanted to hire a coach. This also works really well to be your unique mechanism. They matter. And when he flashes his badge, there's a status delta present and the person who has the higher status has more influence, okay? And you could do that in HubSpot, AlloWare, everything. That makes perfect sense. So you guys know that one, right? So why do you think that is? Where do you want to go from here, right? Cause he didn't mention he didn't have a team that he's doing it all himself. So that pendulum swinging, you always wanna do it because it increases believability. But regardless, I can give you my thoughts and even point you in a better direction if that'd be the best thing for you as well. I mean, like, I don't think it's that crazy for me. And that's a good one. And also look how my eyebrows lifted, that's also a sign of uncertainty, like you don't know what you're doing. There was just like a moment where something clicked and something snapped, and you were like, this is enough. Cause you, and this is all stuff that more or less you're gonna wanna do daily. Good little transition there, you know? When you're on a walk or working out, throw it on. I think you guys are gonna like It's just basically and I really shouldn't even call it a training it's just this is I was doing this for my own sales process because I've kind of reworked my offer a little bit and because of that I'm reworking my sales process my pitch and I'm basically taking everything in weeks two three and four and Distilling it down and applying it to my offer specifically and I think it would really help you guys to kind of look over my shoulder And see how this is done like real time because sometimes I understand especially when you're learning something new it's hard to take like generalized theory and Apply it to your specific situation in a way that you can implement on your calls Okay, so before I do that though, I want to check in with David and Mitchell because I know you guys see a lot of volume. All right, just get an idea of how you're gonna explain it. So how will you get there if you don't get help and invest in getting help? I have to reinvest it in ads. No, I just said, do you want my thoughts? And then support questions, spouse and partner. But it doesn't sound awkward and robotic and whatever. But if you really wanted to get them resourceful, here's some stuff you could use. The answer is, really, any time. So this is a good, it's a great way to temp check logistics before you get into the call without it being like, you still have 45 minutes for the call. Are you the sole owner? But it's a good question if you can get it, this how do you know when, because it elicits what's called their convincer strategy, which is something taught in NLP. So basically, to boil this down, it's really, what have they tried in the past, and what are they looking for now? So resolve is the certainty as if it may as well already be done, okay? I would recommend sales, personal development. Obviously, you have to be good, okay? That's why I like VSLs. But you might be on the little bit lower side of this. Well, first of all, they work best after we've widened the gap, OK? And because they're transformational based offers, people are thanking you for enrolling them. What's the worst part about spending the majority of the time on the phones? And look, I mean, what's gonna happen with most people when you start doing this is you're gonna set a projection, you're gonna miss it, all right? The first one's pitch codex. Do you have any sort of reliable, like ramp up process, ramp up training process to get them from zero to converting on the phone within KPI pretty fast? So with here, I'll show you another one for this and then we'll move on to the other stuff. And like you said, you know, it's good, but you know, it's not at a level you truly know it could be. Right, and our next question, we'll talk about this in weeks three and four, needs to kinda indicate that we were listening. So in other words, just have them at first, their first week out in the field, focus on just getting sets. We would basically skip everything we just did on this call and you would start with basically just this. My cadence is good. Or if I can show you a way in which you can achieve X, Y, and Z benefit, when would you want to move forward with that? We're just restating what we said in Frame the Call. But did they actually listen to and review your sales calls? If you're committed to it. So while this might be a burden in the short term, don't forget, this is not only paying off your parents' investment and making them happy and, you know, assuring that you're actually going to land the job that they invested in you to land, despite everything changing in the landscape. Okay, because when you make that assumption that, let's say I'm selling realtors, is your spouse a realtor too? Or let's pretend for a moment you were to go ahead with something that would fix your lead generation. I was like, Hey, how does that put you in a tough position with your family? What's not working right now to elicit the problem? You don't have to do any fulfillment. Now, projections also give us accuracy, all right? Should be very simple, very clear, confused prospects don't buy, OK? It's a very academic book. So when you're communicating with somebody, the inner dialogue that is criticizing and judging your communication has to be gone. Now, likely, they're going to say yes to this, right? So in this time, let's use 13, all right? I love what you were saying about how you actually wanna take the cash flow out of this and put it back into the investments and this fund and all these things that you were talking about, but what I'm really curious about is what is the biggest challenge with your lead generation right now? So I can even give them recommendations of what might possibly make sense for them. So doubt questions, let's talk about when do we use these. So, sound good? Doesn't matter what you do. All right, so You want to find out what those three are? So, like, everybody was really, really struggling. Like, you can be like, dude, no problem. So this is how you handle that. If we just journal about these every day, what it does, the reason this is important, guys, is it brings up our awareness of what's going on, and we'll see very early in the week, we're not in line with our hedging at all, okay? But like in the case of finances, let's say you're chunking down. So we want to, these questions, part of the reason we ask them is to see if they're shopping ahead of time. And it's like if you, for like a runner at the end of a race, all right? So this is really, really key. Is that something you would possibly consider looking at? And then I would have went into why this, and I just would explain like why this is the best way. It's going to be more of a thing of if he feels like this is the right thing and now is the right time, which is that certainty we talked about. So at this stage, if it's okay with you, what I'd like to do is go back and discuss everything we talked about with our team, and then come back to you with a customized game plan on how we can implement this for your business specifically. So you got to do that, along with make sure that new flow is curated opportunity volume, which you should probably watch that training after this. We're asking the payout questions. And we wanna measure it as well. So, tell me more, what do you mean when you say, fill in the blank, why do you say that's your biggest challenge, what's been the impact of that, stuff like that, okay? I have unselfish reasons because I believe that the sales training market's being underserved. And so then you wanna respond, wow, that's frustrating. What is that? Thank you very much. Where was I triggered today? So anyways, let's get into the formula. Okay, so I know I've been pausing a lot in this past last stretch here, but what you're gonna see me do here is handle the financial objection. And for instance, a lot of them have been through coaching programs, and they hate the coaching programs. Ultimately, we also want to find out what they've tried in the past to solve this particular challenge. This is your last call of the day. The three rules of leadership is our only job is to lead the prospect to what's best for them. The key is you want to have a healthy balance. Also, when's the last time you listened through or looked through your client testimonials? So we can use questions like that. Like after all that time, what happened to where, you know, this has really become a priority for you right now? And then the key here is, we just want to keep these really short. Here's the way I'd like to think about this, and this drastically simplifies how you think about sales calls. It's also called the discovery. I wanna try to weave that into my pitch somehow, OK? But most of the times, you're not running a $2,000 course funnel to generate opportunity. These first two, I usually explain a little bit more, because these first two here really act as, and really, your entire pitch should act as this, but the first two are really justifying their failures, and the key differences of what you're doing. Welcome to the first video on the Pitch Codex. So we always give the next steps after the investment so they know exactly what's happening next, which is gonna build their certainty and release their fear of making the decision than finally were to give the investment, okay? I probably didn't even need to go that deep, but you know, just wanted to kind of flush out the entire process for you guys. And then the other thing is, too, I'm so grateful that I was in an environment that brought that out of me because if I wasn't, nothing that you're learning now would even exist. Don't be this guy. And then you also just got done telling me that you only want to make 2K a month, right? I want to give you some best practices here. So we want to tie down and create dialogue, OK? And then we're going to get into what's called pasting the first objection. Awesome, let's see how that's working out for you. Right now, yeah, yeah, so I put here, like right now we're negotiating a deal with our clients with the CEO. And then you do your end of day journal. What is that, getting there, what would that change for you exactly? So I might ask the question, ultimately, what's your goal? Or they're gonna answer, and you're not gonna have to do that. I'll just be candid with you, though. I mean, I can't get a job. I just dropped a ton of proof because I've literally just done what I'm gonna tell this guy to do. So I always do this. But this was kind of a basic transition where I, you know, peppered a little bit of story, got fancy, and it felt real natural. When you ask, what questions do you have on that specifically, it makes them think, well, what questions do I have on that specifically? So great question. But therefore, if there's no problem, there's no sale, okay? We do have a one-call process, but he was talking to a business center doing about three million a year and the main decision-maker was on the call, but there was another decision-maker who wasn't on the call but had no idea who we are or what we did. I just want to see what you do type of thing. So I like to keep it broad and then chunk it down to the specific things that we learn in goals for syntax, right? And the next training will go over cost questions. Because we book so many freaking calls from those first couple of emails that it just never outweighed. That's crazy, okay? So that is desire. You know, a lot of times it's, you know, I don't know if the lead flow that you get and the quality of that lead flow really outweighs just doing a VSL and getting a bunch of opt-ins that are cheaper and maybe a little bit less quality, but you get a ton more. That's the reason I originally taught it this way in the first place is because it was how I actually thought about it as an extremely high-performing sales rep. And I always say this, I'd rather have a setter call one new lead seven times in the first two to three days than call seven different leads from the CRM that are all two months old. So this gives you an opportunity. And just making sure it's worth the closer's time, okay? So think about two different types of games. I'll stay on for a minute with you. Don't break those promises to yourself. A lot of times, you get a question, okay? If you're a coach who's an expert, but the income's not aligning with that expertise, and you wanna get to a coach who has consistent lead flow, a real business, a great offer, team, and the ability to scale, you need to first create your offer, second, get some organic leads in the door, third, scale that with paid advertising, and fourth, systematize it with a team, right? Yeah, dude, I would do that. Now, key elements of this. Let's pretend for a moment that you were to go ahead with something like this. I would say like the only thing is like, that's obviously like both like my wife and I's money. Like, if you're watching this training, you may or may not have experienced this, but most people, especially in the business world and who follow me, are very successful, so maybe you haven't. It's not their net. We use Allaware. We have clients doing numbers way bigger, independent if you wanna become a private client or not, compare you up with the advisor, hype up the advisor, build the value for the call, he can show you some of the methods and frameworks, people that have the results that you have, or have the results that you want, sorry, are using to get those results in your industry, is that something you'd be open to, right? It's like real random, right? So last week you saw two of the, two of those eight leads at 10 K a pop 20 grand a month, right? So same as above, first element explains why what they tried in the past didn't work. Now, that doesn't mean, if you're a salesperson, you have to grow a $100,000 a month business to be able to sell a program that teaches somebody how to get to $100,000 a month. Now, what about the month before? So I found time and time again, just if you have six closers, having six setters usually is the perfect ratio, and we found anytime we, even if we have this figured out, if we go up to nine setters and six closers, typically the performance of the setters decreases and there's diminishing returns. How long do you feel like you've been struggling with that? More committed to what I'm saying than committed to a script, right? Buying. So what we're going to cover is what is a curated opportunity, what makes your setter system scalable. He's not selling them on ClickFunnels. And I can give it to you in terms of exactly what would be required of you specifically. Watch those calls. Now, one thing I want to say here, and this is really, really cool, is a lot of times, you'll say, what's going to happen if nothing changes, if you're still doing the 9 to 5 three years from now? Last month, how many new appointments did you have with new potential clients? So inconsistent lead flow is keeping you from having the cash flow necessary to be able to hire a team so that you can ultimately scale your business to $100,000 a month and do it in a way to where you have a business and not a job. And then if their cash on hand is really low, or if it's like, even if it's enough, but it's like, man, they'd have to really kind of squeeze to be able to do this. But worst case scenario, like there's sometimes even I have, you know, it's like you get through literally all of this stuff and then you realize you haven't touched on this, okay? So you basically say, that makes sense. How is that affecting them? Blindly throw your money at anybody who says you could make 10K a month. And we want this middle area to be void, right? It's going to be amazing. Yep, got it. Yeah, I'm here. Like I've taken so many, so many thousands of calls, it's such a natural instinct for me that like truthfully, and this is another woo-woo thing, but it's like an art. So what I want to do here in this little transition phase is if he's not already sold on high-ticket closing, I want to sell him on high-ticket closing, because then dude, like he's gonna obviously take my pitch. And we'll talk about the morning priming and like the routines and disciplines that I do daily before my calls, really before every single day at work. I ran some ads on indeed Okay. Wrong, wrong way to do it because maybe this is an innocent question and it doesn't matter, all right? But all the group stuff that's taught in the other section of the training can apply for sure. Like our setters are really huge on doing this. Now, key distinctions, the philosophy in the sales process remains the same. Also, we have a morning priming routine that gets us in the right physiology, the right focus and the right state, okay? What are the price points? Anyone else going once, going twice? He has a nine to five. Week eight is asking skill questions advanced. So training, in-depth training, one-on-ones, group calls, call reviews, Voxer, maybe you got live events. And one last thing, let's pretend for a second that you were to move forward with a project like this. And if so, no problem, but I'm curious, like, if not, like, what's your real goal? But, like, our team takes it damn seriously, and if they don't, we fire them, okay? We kind of want to explore that a little bit, because we can hold them accountable to the person that they need to be to be that person at the end of the call. So that's a key differentiator because if he's done Amazon FBA, dropshipping, whatever, he's only done courses, never had a coach. Also, if you attend our setting calls that are in seven FSA, there's two a week, that are two hours long with our top setters, you'll also be able to understand how to use it there. So let's say you're running an ad to mini-chat to a VSL. So you can see as we start doing this, this is how we widen the gap. There's also a lack of vision. How would that impact them? We also wanna include foundational elements that not having would make everything else irrelevant or ineffective. Why is this important right now? But that's it for this training guys for real now, and we'll see you in the next training. Can you accept that? This is just stuff we're laying the groundwork with philosophy-wise, and as you start to implement the actual processes and systems, you'll go back to a training like this and be like, okay, we're getting all of it, all right? What would you think if she knew you're on this call? Have you seen this? Upward's like when you're phrasing statements or questions very upward to where it's like indicating that you're seeking approval, that it's okay that you're asking or saying what you're saying, right? Now, when I say vehicle, what I really mean is finding the right offer. I have a whole process for it. People do not buy because of your offer, your you. Whereas like in our space with people I sell, even though we sell pretty, like we sell done for you, a B2B service, really to the most sophisticated buyers in the high-ticket space, we still do a one-call because people are used to that process. But he mentioned it affected his cashflow. So like, if that ever happens to you guys, which it organically happened in this conversation, cause David's kids are the best and they're running around, but, uh, like, yeah, I told them to do that. So we wanna get the goal of if they fix the problem. Like literally to this day, it's still the model I think about when I sell. And these are designed for them to basically say no. Like I told you, gross net, what after expenses, what are you paying yourself, what's left over after monthly expenses for you to put away and save. But regardless, I can give you my thoughts on what's happening with your business and even point you in a better direction if that would be the best thing for you too. So it's, I would highly use it if you can. Yeah, I mean, I got you. I've hit projections, I've been in pocket, so you don't wanna overcorrect here. Some of this, as I was reading it, was kind of clunky. And I have to go above and beyond that in order for me to make this make sense, which means that I actually need like a sales system, like a real business to business sales system, not a, you know, techniques and tricks. Even see, I mean, I read that sucker word for word, and you see how my cadence, my tonality, like you couldn't tell I was reading it word for word at all, you know? Maybe somebody who you perceived was higher status, you looked up to them. I mean, does that put you in a tough spot given you have 10 employees to payroll? You wanna have all that in place so that it round robins the leads, okay? This is Cole here. They'll just be like, fuck it, right? So always dig into those recent revenue numbers, because that'll reveal a lot of the truth about what's really going on, that if you just took their word for yearly or typically average type of stuff, you're not going to get. So I'm seeing both situations. So they can hit those comments, and those comments, or those two steps for that matter, are going to be evergreen. So I'm not sure if you read this on the landing page, but one of the things you were also supposed to get along with that was a private client training from one of Cole's high-end paid masterminds. So now what's the purpose of these slash like what are we looking for to where we can cross this off the list and we can move on? So it's like, well, why not keep using Zillow? If they, you know, if they kind of bring us up, we can ask them questions. What you have to know is that all of them are powerful but certainty and significance are the most powerful always. So you know how early on the call you mentioned you were stuck in the day-to-day sales and it was making you kind of feel like you had a job instead of a business? I just think going in this syntax is the most ideal if you can do it. Hey guys, this is a quick training regarding the lead flow SOP that we've generated for Allaware. Um, I don't know what it's, I don't know what Jeremy calls it, but he has a name for it. So, taking credit card information, and then, let's just say, I took the credit card information already. Uh-huh. So we just keep linking these benefits together, OK? Not what we found in practice. Do you have a duplicate fight at the minute chat? So, I mean, what do you think we should do. So a good one is, did you actually get to speak with anybody in that program? So we're going to get into, there's going to be whole videos on how to build cost, but that is the third belief. So there should be a training later in this section of the training about the client acquisition systems and all of that of how to handle DMs in your personal inbox. Even if you've learned the group funnel for somebody else, listen to our training on it just to make sure we're kind of on the same page here. I really like this question. I know for me, like my grandma believed that I was either going to be a famous country singer or I was going to be the president of the United States, right? This is a little bit more granular. How do you, how do you address something like this? Really, this is through a lot of what we talked about in the last training, sales first principles. And I mean, some of these open ended questions, guys, you might ask something and you might, you know, they might go on a huge tear and you have solution questions, financial questions and cost questions done after one, you know, one spiel that they gave for three minutes. And this week, we'll also cover the committing phase as well. And a lot of these people you can proactively cancel them before the closer even takes them anyways. So I've produced $2 million plus a year just through deals I was working. So, so, and that's what you're referring to with a grant card and stuff and all. So that's it. That's one of the seven things. Again, once you isolate the pain, it'll become very free flow. If you have questions, hit me up. So you can start using that time working on your business, not in it. As said, let's get started talking about mental models and really give you a quick primer on this. But notice it doesn't sound scripted. Well, a curated opportunity is really just a lead opportunity for a setter that has these three qualities. So it's typically, why now? Okay, it doesn't even matter. For instance, we do a one-call close, but then we also service agencies who their process is a two-call close and we do a one-call. Like what shifted for you? Okay, and notice I'm pitching it to him, like I'm pitching it to him how I want him to write it down. So you can read over these. Okay, if you were at that place, would you have a process in which you like can, you know, pull the lever and get a steady stream and leads you can talk to on the phone and eventually enroll into that program at will? Also how to close deposits, how to set follow-up calls. The anvil just comes from the sky and smashes you. It's building your authority because you're basically saying, like, dude, based on everything you told me, four steps. You want to memorize a lot of these questions and get them down. We have three parts. But I'm putting it here because it's a good setup. So, um, yeah, I was just like, man, I gotta show you guys this, because this is like the bridge, I think, between week three, and how it goes. And what is clarity? But, um, we have enough, I think. Somebody who goes narrow and deep, or somebody who goes wide and shallow? We still want to be the clear leader. Now, see, this is why just going and knowing how to properly elicit desire situation is so important. Is your spouse a realtor too? So how fast am I gonna get support? Like, what type of legacy do you want people to, or do you want to leave behind? It's really what you wanna avoid is the opposite of that to where like you almost just feel on that call like you don't know what you're doing, and a lot of times the symptom of that will be a lot of upward inflecting tonality. Look, I have a training based on, Colt put this together probably three months ago. That's it. And then some of these ones are good too. So temp check is where we tie our prospects down on the process, okay? And that you have zero confidence ever, and you're like, okay, well, I'm, you know, I mean, at this point, where do you wanna go from here? You could just do all common, and just pitch it with the tie downs, and super, super clear, super, super simple. So now we're gonna go into this, but you can see again, I assume inferior, I say, oh, you know, he asked me to do this, just kind of filling out a short form so you can hit the ground running. So you wanna make sure Alaware synced with HubSpot and Slack. So, the majority of people who evolved and passed on their genes in prehistoric times were people who learned to stifle their expression as a survival mechanism, not to attract the attention of other alpha males in the tribe, because if you did that, you risked what was the greatest fear back then, which was exile, and basically the equivalent of death, okay? Now what the expert frame is, it's, it's a lot of times referred to as the doctor frame. So 41, that's good enough. So that being said, probably our best place to start is, you know, tell me what the biggest challenge is in your business right now or your sales right now. It's like an example to drive the point home. Sometimes I use this. We don't want to feel like we're being put in some umbrella program that we're just going to get lost in the weeds. I do, by and large, recommend video nowadays, especially post-COVID. We're gonna sell the consult first, book, confirm. Or did you get support in that program? There should be company-specific SOPs, role-specific SOPs, and then within role-specific, beginning of day, middle of day, end of day. I use a little bit more flowery language in that. If we can make that easy for you? So weight is another one. So we define qualified as they have a problem you can solve, they have money. And here's one I could use. So those are the ones you would probably educate on a little bit more and tee up a little bit more, and then paid traffic and systems, they're not even like there yet, so you sort of state what they are, the benefits of it, and you future pace a lot with those pillars. Right, so the reason that we wanna ask this last is because it will, you know, it will kind of elicit some of those questions about your program sometimes, and then that way, we're already so close to pitching our program that we're not gonna risk derailing the conversation, okay? What have you tried to do in the past? So the second thing is being a leader for the prospect. So now we gotta know how many live consults we gotta get on, and live consults is actually people picking up the phone when you call them. I knew the seven beliefs. Maybe we'll add a video later. We talked about that. Oh, you know, I got, you know, I meet girls through my social circle, whatever. It takes up their time to get overwhelmed Then I mean, you know after that it kind of you get out of the biz oppy space Then you get more into like what I do, which is like a specialist type of offer But you want to narrow down what your three problems are, okay So with here what I did like i'm talking to people who want to grow and scale a sales team So this is going to be somebody who is an entrepreneur. And then the first step is figure out how many offers. Well, why do you say that? They are the same for both models. So did they teach you any follow-up or post-call conversion strategies so that you could convert people who didn't close on the first call? And that's just like standard. So we just want everybody's on the same page, and the expectations before we start are set really well. Because if we've stretched time, this is why this how long question is so important. So I'm just gonna, this is literally what our setters send. And, you know, 2K a month is really all I want. But what's a good way that you found to deal with situations like that? So, the best way, I'm just gonna make this really short, the best way to do it is to only do a quote-unquote status drop when you're proving a point that you're making to be true. If the guy has no business and he's waiting tables, I'm not going to be 80% sure finances aren't going to be an issue. So at a certain time, even if maybe you could've had a higher closing percentage if you would've pushed it to a second call, it's still better to make the offer on the first call because of how it's gonna throttle your calendar. So look, you feel like she's 99%, all good for it. Now, by the way, guys, once you get one setter who's crushing it and he's just a total A player, he can become a team lead for you in terms of the setting team. So, dude, I mean, are you open to having an open and honest conversation? This alignment bit is, remember, guys, I taught you about moral authority in week one, all right? I don't think you should attend all four. So you would slow it down. And then once you're ramped, calibrate to that point where you can close 30 to 40% or more. Biggest thing you need help with is recruiting, right? Awesome, cool, and then one other thing, if I send you a little bit of homework to go through, like maybe five minute video, would you be able to read through that as well? A lot of times they're going to say no. It's still a value add for your business. So because of that, you can start with the problem, okay? So I had, I know that question here, probably a little bit overdoing it, but I just wanted to ask it. Oftentimes, yes, but. So everything is predicated on the problem. So let me reiterate this, you only have two jobs on a sales call. Ramp up, calibration. Five minutes. And then on top of that, you have access to me one-to-one, Monday through Friday, 9 to 5 through Voxer. This is critical. Something simple, neutral language, get permission, then you move on to the investment. Second key is outbound prospecting. But this will also give your setters more opportunity out of everything that you already have, without spending more on ads, without doing anything. But you see, I said, okay, well, those aside, you feel like this is really what you want to do. After this, what we want to do is we want to list all of the steps. Huge. How many long-term follow-ups are you gonna do? First is very simple. Now the first way is by using what's called Socratic dialogue, okay? They're just super old. There's obviously a lot of trust built, and so it's much, much easier for them to get on the phone and still get their number of triages up with higher quality buyers. The second way to do this is to chunk down. Okay, so eliminating the partner and or spouse objection before the close. So that's what I say here when I said I learned this by accident when I first started selling a full time and I still use it to this day. Awesome, so you can see how, and I won't go through that, but with finances, you know, we just chunk that way down because most people will like to say, oh, I'm making 20, you know, everybody wants to be making 20 grand a month, right? I'd talk to Cole. Think about a game that you were leading up to with a team that you knew was like a little bit better than you. You know, I'm not going to tell somebody like, dude, and this isn't, this isn't like what's going on with me. So any script will work out if it covers these seven beliefs. So I want to put here, cause we're going to finish up this training in just a second. It's a woman who, she's a librarian, but she's overweight, she wants to lose weight, and her husband is the breadwinner, and he's making 20 grand a month, okay? Like help me understand and connect the dots here. It's gonna create this logical bridge from current situation to desired situation. So what they're, they're at, and I find probably at least 90% of the time, it goes very well. Now, knowing this story, a lot of people ask me, okay, well, how can I do this for my sales team? It's just kind of, it's very bullheaded, right? I got to the transformation that the person wanted. So just to give you like an idea of what I mean like let's say isolate the challenge you're kind of going deeper on it, you're asking your probing questions, you chunk down a little bit and then, where is it, oh need payoff questions, sorry. You would say something like, yeah, man, I hear you. Um, so totally understand you got to talk to them. My throat's killing me. So this is where we use a combination of messenger outreach, content marketing, and what I call re-offers to be able to get people who didn't buy originally back on the phone and resell them. So I do recommend go through my call recordings, okay, there should be one after this video, a call recording breakdown, as well as ones out throughout the rest of the training, okay, so where you can see how this is actually supposed to work, you can see me demonstrating this, then also go through the week that's dedicated towards the discovery and the questions bank week, so you can get an idea of the questions, the discovery process, that'll help you all with that, that'll help you all with this as well, and then just know there's a very, very short pared down process here, we just wanna understand if and how we can help the person, okay? So you know, I guarantee if somebody starts to dig into this, how many dates did you have last week? Does it make sense? I'm going to add tasks to show created at, and we're going to set our custom date range, which is all the way at the top, from yesterday and back five days. Cool, so that is the parts explained. You know, is there any other reason it's less than a hundred percent certain that this is what you need to do. Then the group, if you're running my content strategy, you should do one two-step every two weeks. For the group, it's going to be outbound text upon opt-in. So, are you potentially open to kind of rethinking our monetary goals and getting clear here? So you're gonna ask a question, they're gonna give you information, we're gonna wanna ask a question that's relevant to the information that they just gave us to go deeper, that's Socratic dialogue. You can't get a job. It's how to set high standards, how to have projections, and really how to begin your sales day very powerfully, okay? But when they go try to implement it on their sales calls, they just sound mechanical because it's so much new information. Not necessarily people you made offers to or not, just answered the phone. But if you increase that touchpoint to six, that increases to 90%. Yeah, and I just put here, like essentially, a lot of this varies. We also don't want to let our ego get in the way of the process. Solution, how long stretch time, like all of these are asked based on the context that was established up here when we chunking down. When in doubt, give yourself a lower rating than you think because the one person you shouldn't lie to is yourself. And it's just because a lot of the general ones that they do are really, really bad. Script out these questions, and script out your committing phase, and then practice it, okay? So I'm like, it's almost like a duh thing, like any real entrepreneur, which is an identity they aspire to be. How are we here, guys? They're either going to come in with intent or not intent. So again, this is the second part of the sales process. But what we're gonna cover today is just the outbound call script. Um, a lot of people have taken those, but what they found is that there's not really a good component on how to actually systematize it into a process to where you can recruit, hire, and train a sales team out of that and get on the phone. So why is this superior? So sales process redesign, you know what that is. So it's really, really important to be cognizant of your environment as well as the information, the books, and everything that you're taking into your system because again, what you're inputting in dictates what you output out and how you influence, all right? Do you want to show up as the person who like, like nay, right. All of that impact is achievable. Now that text has to also be relatively neutral so that you don't generate a lot of sales resistance and it has to be friendly enough to incite a response. Hey, are you guys 50-50? When you get freedom, like freedom, financial abundance, security, impact, you know, stuff that's like these high level values, okay. I mean, I already did that for you in your sheet, so you're good. Why not transition off the phones now? It's not what we use in our current pitch. But if we got to this part, is it something I can get you to have five, 10 minutes right now? Does this make sense? I need to I need to just press add to units, but it's good. Paid or organic? Because you're just talking about it, and it's not going to come off as weird or like, oh, okay, well, now I want you to pull up our case study page as I pitch you our program. Those are the things we can control. It was like managing a team, creating a product, running ads for myself, running ads for the clients, couldn't get the clients' results, had to outsource the contractors, all of that stuff, and for me, like, I saw some of my friends in the industry doing $20,000 a month as closers, focusing on one thing, and still having all the benefits, working from anywhere they wanted to, being able to travel, being able to have, you know, a considerable amount of income, six figures, multiple six figures, it's all net, no expenses, none of that bullshit. So yeah, just make sure and paint a picture around that a little bit more than just, okay, so you have no idea what's going on and it's causing you stress period, you know, dig into the stress, how that stress might be impacting them and then talk about, well, you know, because you don't know your numbers, what else is happening? If not, typically, I'm going to do it after solution, OK? So I know it's important, like, just to get clear here, when you say you want to provide for your family in a way in which you have the income and you're able to be there for your kids and all that stuff and have a nice house, nice car. But yeah, so make one or two common, and one or two unique mechanism. So if we know this to be true, then sales is the demonstration we can solve a problem for somebody else, that's it, okay? If so, just shoot me a reply, I can send you some info, right? If that's out of sequence, let me know. Well, too much time, okay? So look, I mean, I really appreciate, you know, you've tried three different coaching programs. Because you'll ask, does that make sense? So that's kind of the first step before you ever get into the setters for the VSL. What's not working, right? So I built a agency to multiple six figures in revenue purely by being good at sales. It's just like, it's not good. And then at that point, based on the answer that you get there. So, we're gonna tab out here and this should be the same document you already have, I believe. Not like you're just like, really just like pounding them with these questions. I'm going to sign off here, and then we'll see you in the next training. But this is for when you get people who are giving you, you know, goals that are almost dumb, right? And it's going to position you as an expert because you just gave them insight. If you go through this in 90 days and like, you don't have, you know, you're not rich in 90 days, then you're probably not the person that we're looking for. But let's get into the script. It's so easy. They have to be focused. So say that you wanna hit 10 units, all right? I'm like, fuck, I don't have that. So I'm gonna speed this up. Just because he gets some inbound leads too. And then, you've been wanting to leave your 9 to 5 for about three years now. So given where we're at right now, how do you think you can get the funding and be resourceful to get the funding to grow your business? Now, what I usually do is I'll ask a few probing questions, but this bad boy is what gets you the clarity. How many hours a week are you working on the calls right now? But they're on the call with you because something's not working in their business. You might be setting the triage call from an outbound dial because they didn't have time from the initial dial. So here, we have the phone numbers. Do you feel like, oh man, he's just working off the script? So best place to start. Okay, and that wasn't even that good of a seed there, right? Okay, well, and I'm curious, can I ask you a personal question about that? All right, you got your piece of paper? And then after their volume is at that 15 to 20 mark, then I'm like, okay, let's sustain 20 a week. Okay, well, if you're the sole owner out of that net, how much do you pay yourself? Quick question. And then I have my calendar open now, this Thursday or Friday, option closed, work for you. So we want to harpoon the sharks and build the path, the bridge of least resistance while showing them that these other potential bridges that they think they might be able to take aren't going to work. So what that means, and in this example, I've said, what that means is clients paid us over $3 million over just the past year to fulfill on the very promise that we're talking about right now. OK, so what we found to be true is anytime you enroll into something and didn't get the result that you were after, it's usually one or three things, if not a combination of those. Three years, three years. You can man. There's a lack of growth because he's exactly where he was this time last year and he's not growing. Dude, I can't get anybody. Like obviously you can't figure it out. Right now we're going the same way. Well, why that number? We wanna avoid all of that stuff, especially because if we don't see it from the start and we end up on the wrong offer, what happens is you spend months of your time in the wrong company, and then you come out like two, three months later, doesn't work out, you didn't make any money, nothing to show for it, just wasted a bunch of time, right? Anything higher than that is going to be predicated on your offer. Then you get into all these questions that I'm about to give you here in a little bit. Cause like, that's kind of what I sell. Okay, so you see how I'm rolling into it pretty good here. So you're going to probably put a little timeline in terms of your data point. Now, don't overthink this. You've got two instances of AlloWare. So I want you guys to be aware of this principle. Got my notes. First, we want to seek fully to understand before we're understood. They're calm, certain, they mean business, they run the process. Now, if you have been through the VSL training, you know I teach two models. I mean, do you, is that something you want to do? It's a leaky bucket. Great energy, great tonality. Okay, so do they see your solution as clearly different, unique, and superior than similar methods they may have tried in the past? The first one we're gonna talk about is what's called the sound of belief. We're gonna be covering in this video the two-call close process, particularly the adjustments you're gonna make from the one-call close to the two-call close. Like, it's something I just would have done. What's unnecessary? Now, once we transition, we move into the pitching phase. What is Crack-a-Laggin? And then on top of that, this is just some service where we pass you off to an account manager who has zero experience in the real estate industry and just tell you good luck. So I say this all the time, business is about solving problems. So I'm super excited to get into it, guys. Okay, that was a good question, all right? Instead of doing x, exhausted on calls, you can have y, time to actually build your brand and work on your business. Same thing with vision. I'm using an extreme example for you to understand what the sound of belief actually is. If I was doing this call, you know, if I was taking this off for five calls a day every single day, this story would have been way better. Like, you don't want to be a financial burden on your parents, especially with how the economy is right now. What's important about the transition is you smoothly go into the pitch in a way that eliminates, it sets up your pitch to succeed, and eliminates sales resistance. At the same time, I have selfish reasons in that I have certain net worth goals I wanna hit, I wanna retire by a certain age, I want to have a certain amount of money, I wanna have a certain amount of materialistic things, et cetera, et cetera. What number can you shoot for here that you think is scary, but still believe is doable? So then I would transition with a phrase like, OK, so once your pitch is dialed in, the next thing, and I might even say, once your pitch is dialed in and your foundations are super strong, the next thing we're to do is focus on sales process redesign. You know, and if you just say it, like, if you hang tight, man, and just like stay grounded and centered and say it like that, you're not going to get a whole lot of resistance, you know. And then also, and this is probably the most important one, are you breaking promises to yourself, all right? So we can outreach them. I call the sales process the belief blueprint. Also, with the way we're gonna pitch the next steps in the price, essentially, we're gonna do it in a way that raises the prospect's certainty because they're gonna know exactly what comes next before we even drop price. And then get the doubt, all that stuff, and kind of reverse engineer it back. What this realtor's case that is made up is that he's successful, but he's using Zillow and he's looking for potential ways to get off. You need to be the prospect, how do you say this? Anything that comes up before the close, this still kind of acts as a reframe you have to do or an objection you have to handle before you drop price. Here is reading from the script. They're like, three, I didn't hit my projection of three this week. Then we also want to know if they've tried similar solutions to what you have to offer. We'll have in-depth trainings and scripting on how to execute these. Okay, seven or below, not fine. So the more you can turn like stories into numbers, the better. I told them two opportunities a week and then I linked it immediately to benefits because I hate saying group coaching. It's a good follow-up, especially on these ones, if they've tried nothing, or if they've tried everything. Pressure creates diamonds, guys. I'll resend it to the, shoot it to the top of your inbox. So let's go over the curriculum. I listen to this probably 15 times over because what I found was that when I was at my best in sales, I was listening to that in the morning. To get buy-in on the three to five steps to success, right? Tell me about the man that you want to attract. It's very simple. And then it's like, in that sense, it's not only widening the gap, but they're also like, I don't even know, like, this is why I need help. It triggers in the prospect's mind that you're a salesperson. It's just that you don't want to build your entire setting team around trying to capitalize on this type of stuff. Okay, so we're going to get into this now. Well, now we got two people who aren't on the same page. It's not gonna be exactly the same as the core sales process you learned earlier in the training. And you explain the deliverable, how it works, the benefits of the client, ultimately what it means to them, how it relates to the thing that they told you earlier on the call, and then you say, hey, does that make sense? Like that's extreme, obviously guys, but you can see how I didn't do anything like that. I felt like I had to learn, like, a hundred different skills at once. Simple stuff like that. He loves serving people in his market. But for most of us with info and coaching and stuff, agencies, really, no setter should do less than two a day. And this is a big thing, if you ever watch the pre-pitch video, that the pre-pitch is really where I nail this down. Now, if I was doing, you know, hundreds of these calls, and this was what I was doing full-time, or, you know, as an entrepreneur, and I'm really focusing on dialing in my sales process, obviously I'm gonna get it to the point where like 80% of the time I'm saying the same thing, okay? It seems totally natural, almost like they're just improvising, okay? Okay, your inputs dictate your outputs. So you're going to see here, now I'm going to hit this part, which is just basically word for word. Step three, get clear on which steps are the most essential, right? Let's say just giving them your messenger inbox and telling them to set people. Frame, very similar concepts. There is temperature check, next steps, investment. That is very, very, very key guys, because look, I said exactly. Just to give me an idea of what you got in the pipe. It's still a consequence question. Hey, this is Cole from company name. I'm getting a link from them that you guys can use. They're doing everything before the close the right way. We still want to reel it back in and assign a data point to it because it's such an easy thing to refer back to, okay? Just one thing I want to say here as an aside is that some people are very towards metaparadigm, meaning that they just are very towards people. Will you go through that? Mm-hmm, tell me. Before I get into that, I wanna talk about regression to the mean. Another common pitfall is that it sounds scripted, okay? And then you go into the committing phase, right? Yeah, Cole, can I piggyback on that really quick? And then now we're going to dive into either the set of processes for the VSL funnel, if you're running that, or the set of processes for the group funnel, if you're running that. Cash flow is ultimately the lifeblood of your business. So that's, that's the interesting thing. What have you tried in the past? Or you ready to move on to two? It's just like, what does this mean in this context? If I don't use this one, I usually will use something like this. So it's a good thing to default to when you know you're not gonna get that decision on the first call a lot of times because of a decision-maker. This is pretty, typically it's funny. But what the most powerful thing to elicit is the moment of decision, OK? I kind of jumped back up here cause I missed it, which you can definitely do to get the financial qualifier. And don't think, guys, like, group coaching call is like a sin, right? And granted, he has a full-time nine to five job. A lot of you guys have one of these. This is better than nothing, but this is what I see a lot. This is kind of almost two benefits in one. So once they're like, OK, yeah, I got 1, 2, 3, 4. Is that pretty much exactly what you feel like you're on the phone needing help with? Okay, so again, paint heaven and hell island clearly, destroy all other options, harpoon the sharks, and clearly show that your bridge is the safest, strongest, and fastest. I'm really good at bringing the right kind of people in. Because what does that do? Then we go into the bridge, which is basically our thesis on our method to success, and it's really walking the prospect through the high-level, the key items, of what we're going to get done. Because if you keep doing the same thing over and over again, you're going to get the same result. Yeah, I mean, we've tried both. You're not going to get a great response to that question. We can just go right into it with these questions at that time. Like for instance, one of my pitches for 7FSA, the pitch codex is one of the pillars, right? And you want to be able to take that out and you just simply do it. And I can always, like, this is a business conversation. They're like, nope, you're spot on. Okay, so now we have them in a position where there's only two options for them. So we gotta get to those people very, very quickly. And a little bit like invasive there. Like I'm always thinking that and I have a little checklist of like the key areas I need to hit, right? So at all times, they're gonna be assessing how you sound on the phone, are you coachable, are you a culture fit, are you hungry, are you asking questions, how are you showing up to meetings, what are your end of day reports looking like, what's your progress like, are you implementing any coaching? Like you'll see kind of remnants of them, but it's not like a word-for-word, me following the exact formula to the T, okay? Cause I tipped you off earlier in the call and said, she knows I'm having the call with you or something. They work with our team really well. Obviously, there's a need to transition that into, you know, well, you know, do you actually not know your numbers? This builds certainty within yourself and what do you need to have inside of yourself to transfer to other people? Now, your ecosystem consists of three things, prolific content marketing, outbound prospecting with your setters and even your closers, and leadership-based follow-up, okay? But I'm curious, did you ask me that for a reason? But do all that stuff, make sure he accepts the invite, give him a little bit of homework, confirm the time, and then, right before what it seems like we're gonna hop off, we are going to do the qualify, okay? I almost think of this, I've used this example before, is your questions are like the quiver, or they're the arrows in your quiver, right? Another big common pitfall is not just that the entrepreneur doesn't provide any curated opportunity volume for the setter, but they don't provide enough volume. My assistant will hit you with Doc. You're not gonna run into people like that. And it loses you so many deals. What's up guys, Cole here, and if you're on this page, you just booked a free. Yeah, we're gonna do so next week. And a lot of the times I'll be like, no, dude, that's why I need your help. See ya. I mean, it's basically eliminating the spouse or partner objection before the close and just seeing, you know, do they have a partner or spouse? Now, again, I wrote this document a while ago. But this is, I just found it's the best way to do it. Can you just help me out for a second, take an extra minute or two and fill this thing out just so he can get brought up to speed on what you guys are gonna talk about so on Monday, you can really hit the ground running? But this is something as you're having these sales conversations, you want to think about because somebody might have the money. Biographies like Elon Musk. So the biggest mistake I see for entrepreneurs is they don't provide any of this or not enough for their setters to be able to capitalize on. Oh, no, it's affecting me right now, and I want to change. You know, like just common sense questions that highlight what's actually happening for them. And there's truth to this because meditation, they teach you to focus on something with all of your awareness. It's like, he's like, yeah, man, it's basically dinner, seven K. So, again, you're only going to use this if the first three strategies don't work. I mean, we do it all the time. Why even bother with this? Same with outbound texting. So, what we're gonna do is focus the first part on the call of just getting them to book the consult, very low resistance, and then after it's actually already booked and they accepted, we're gonna use what's called the can you help me out inferior frame to qualify from there, and then if they don't qualify, we can cancel at the end, okay? Okay, we're really setting the right foundations here. Just want to give you another shout. Outbounding is like the third best for the Facebook group funnel because the leads just aren't as good. But the way you would respond to that is, yeah, man, we'll definitely talk about the program, we'll talk about the process, but just in general, like, would you have about 10 hours a week to dedicate to solving this? We're going to go over texting opt-ins, outbound messenger strategy. We're going to talk about basic follow-ups, and then we're going to go into the calling, which all of this is the same as the setter strategy, or sorry, the VSL setter strategy. It's resolve. It's, it's huge, man. And then once they select, gotcha. They always say yes. Usually your setters like that the best. So then finally, this is a brand new video of this version of the course, is how to take notes properly on your sales calls, okay? Then what we're going to do is widen the gap. Just terrible. And I will tell you, even though I was closing, you know, 40 to 60% as a sales rep, and I was doing really, really well, I was producing results that most people have not produced in the industry, at the same time, I'll tell you this, like, when I went to go sell my own offer, it was just, the numbers I was hitting in terms of close rate, you know, 70, 80, 90% sometimes, there's just no way I would have ever hit that if I was a full-time sales rep. And we eliminate uncertainty objections before the close. It just might not be worth your time to go through the entire prospect process with this prospect, I will say if you're a closer. Whatever it is, okay? Man, my biggest challenge is I just, you know, I lose 20 pounds and I get really close to my goal. One of the biggest things that, kind of, I thought of is that, like, if the spouse who's not on the call, okay, keyword not, if they're not the alpha of the household, then a lot of times it's not going to make sense for them to even get on the call, okay? So when a lead opts in, within the first five minutes, they have to receive a text from a setter. I was pretty good. You know, after all that time, like, obviously, you know, there's things you like about it. So you'll see, the way this is set up, and you'll have access to this document, is that there's phases on the left here. So you see how there was implied thoughtfulness? Or get on the bench. And before you move on from here, you want to kind of do a gut check with yourself and ask yourself, do I really have the ammo necessary to hold this prospect accountable at the close? Are they able just physically to invest in your program? It just kind of flows well in the conversation. Now, there's a lot more to the follow-up strategies that we'll teach. We talked about maximizing your upside, but more importantly, minimizing your downside. Now is really, really the time. Keep it very short and only say enough so that one, we're setting proper expectations, okay? But when you're a child, a lot of times you're probably doing stuff and you don't even know why you're doing it. The number one thing by far is listening to your past wins, all right? Super simple stuff. First of all, is there a compelling reason why they have to change now? There's gonna be a business offer, and then a biz-op offer, and the biz-op offer is where we're gonna do goals for syntax, which, by the way, goals for syntax is usually used with new opportunities and business-op type offers, okay? So there's still stuff there. So, that's going to be a key selling point in this as well is that, you know, because it's kind of a little bit of shiny object stuff going on here, guys. Now, the workflow is gonna take place in Alaware. Like, they just have to do it, okay? Okay, can you be specific for me? That's another one. You tie it down, questions, thoughts, ready to move on. So it's restating what this is all about, and essentially the high-level promise. Or as you were talking about, or at least, well, dude, just, if I can ask you, like, aside from the obvious, obviously what's the worst part about that? Um, and revenue wise, you know, I could have said why now though, there would have been a good one, but like we don't really need to go more into that. And by the way, if you get 15, that's not terrible. When we add in those personalities, we're actually gonna get more of an emotional response. I'd rather just have the calls. And in those situations, they get the most energy. And then tell me more about that. Right, so the more information that we take in that is empowering, and the more we cultivate energy and philosophy that's empowering on the inside, the greater our ability will be to influence people on the outside. Well, what are you currently doing to meet new women right now? I don't know, dude, it just it's annoying. They ultimately, like, they want that. So you see how, like, it's almost like there's a implied thoughtfulness in my questions. Like, you sure? Well, it gives him the certainty of knowing where his next client's going to come from predictably and therefore having control over his income. Look, and the reason I'm asking is I'm here not just to determine if working with me or if working with us is the best fit for you, but even if it is, when. I made, you know, 10 set attempts through Messenger. Um, dude, you want my thoughts? Women just have, I think, an easier ability to step into their masculine nowadays than men do with their feminine. Right, so you'd be better off saying, oh man, I'm like a five or a six on my physiology, I need to up that next morning and then never fall into the rut in the first place. Well, you create anxiety. Okay, so you can chunk down to let them see that the non-monetary doesn't line up with the monetary. So really quickly, let's recap the VSL. I can teach you very advanced language patterns, but at the same time, I would just rather you make it very, very simple, common sense, very clear, and it instills a ton of certainty into the prospect, right? Well, what does your spouse think about that? So you want to chunk down, look at, and don't, is that, is that good? So this is example one. Is that everything? And all of these questions would be good if you pre-frame it by permission, okay? We're always pausing to create dialogue, all right? Low ticket, believe it or not. Another example is probably before you were a teenager, when you were a teenager, it's probably the opposite. Pretty straightforward. I probably call it sales team build. How do we identify it? So this is my first time ever pitching this thing, and obviously my first time running a call for this type of offer, even though it's a mock call. So because of this, the mind creates three primary filters in which you can quickly and easily decide with the least amount of energy as possible because your mind wants to conserve energy, which ideas it accepts to be true. When I was selling full-time, there was such immense pressure to hit projections, and I mean immense pressure, that what that forced me to do was innovate all of this stuff. Right, so and you can kind of chunk that down, right? Now, this language I used here was a little bit choppy, and it's because I changed it a little bit right before I started recording this. Do you always have access to be on rocks or two if you want? But if it's an outbound to a triage, if it's a messenger to a triage set, the first thing we want to do is sell the console, which is what we just did, 7 minutes, 18 seconds, book demand, we sold the console. Or B, they've tried a bunch of stuff. So here for the pitch, after, again, we've used this transition language to book that second call, here's how we want to start the second call. Like, are you married? It's like your worst case scenario, right? And we're going to give you a lot of examples so you can see this real time. We want to break it down into those three things. Any questions? So for non-ROI offers, financially, you want to know what they currently do for work, right? It's going to feel different than not just what the prospect has heard before, but also what they've done before. So they have a better propensity and a better chance of being able to balance this stuff and when they can, they have a huge, huge upper edge. But, you know, when in doubt, don't try to force it, okay? Make sense? Five minutes versus 30. Like they'll go way deeper because of the way you asked it. And we're gonna keep tracking this. The first one is 500 to 800 low-ticket buyers or opt-ins per month per setter. So when, when you ask, why not stay where you are? If you get that here, with this question, you move on and you don't do any of this. I always just think of it as like, would this be enough to hold them accountable at the end of the call? Phenomenal, and I listened to it and I wanna get in a three-point stance and run through a wall because it's that good. So when they enter into the group, that group join, and what we teach there with the questions, it's giving your setters an additional opportunity. So usually, you just kind of open up across the board. Just, you could have just said, gotcha, man, well, we can definitely help. So it works, it just, at scale, it starts to break. And if you want to make over a million dollars a year, the reason that there's so many people who want that, and so few that actually get it, is because they don't have the reasons why to push them through when they hit those bottlenecks and they hit those challenges. This is huge, because people hate having a question, sending it into the abyss of an email inbox or a support inbox, and then hearing back next week. You don't want to do that, because it's just, that is the classic, you know, trial closed, people know what's happening, it's going to trigger sales resistance, and it's a lot of times going to derail the call and derail trust, which sucks, because if you do this right, all of this stuff, you're going to build so much trust, and then you do something like that right before you transition out, and you just derail all of it, and you eliminate it. Let's say the game's in the evening, you got a day of school. A lot of them have just big goals and they just need held accountable to having their actions aligned with these big goals and these, you know, things they say they want, but their behaviors aren't aligned to it, right? Not to do this. And the way I would gut check this is you're taking notes on all of this stuff, especially this. Like cause usually what's going to happen here is you'll get like, when people want to change, there's typically two reasons they want to change. Well, if you're an entrepreneur, you likely already have it, because either what you're selling, you created, like, you actually created the service, or, and you really believe in it because of that, or, you've actually done it. The benefit doesn't weigh. Or not as much if they've tried everything, but it's a good one if they've tried nothing. I can't tell you how many health coaches I've reviewed their sales calls, they don't even ask current and desired weight. We don't want upward approval seeking, and if you need help with that, just go back through the training on sales subcommunication and tonality in the previous week. And then I kind of alluded to this just now, but there is multiple errors in this. The key though, and I'm probably gonna answer one of your objections as I say this, is you can't be a douche, okay? Have you considered what would happen if that program doesn't get you the results that you're after? Anything else before we hop off? They give you that E or response. I would do it prior to your calls and get your physiology going prior to the calls, okay? Right? We're going to go over, essentially, so this is what's really important. Now, oh man, this has been going on for two years. And then you go back and back and back, you know, when's the last time you had a girlfriend? Okay cool and then David's gonna stay on. So let's get into these. And I really try to lean in with my tonality there and be kind of direct, okay? What are, like, all of the things that you could do for that client to help them get there, all right? Interviews. They just think you're like, it's like, dude, I don't want any part of this salesperson opposed from like him, just basically telling me the information I need to hear. It's just before you drop price. Plan the week before the week. So it's easier to make sure nobody who shouldn't be on the calendar isn't on the calendar with setters, OK? And this is also considering the fact that for whatever reason, we didn't reschedule them earlier. Which sometimes, you might ask one of those, and it's just going to make sense to go deeper based on the response and get into the vision. Practice this stuff. This is like my favorite question is just, and it's so simple, but it's how long has this been going on for? I don't know. So we're going to go through this step by step. This document will be put in the Kajabi. Like, does that mean you don't really plan for the future? Okay, well, what do you think that's gonna be? And again, the keynotes, this stuff will lead naturally in the financial questions and then sometimes even cost questions. So we're just picking up where we left off. Being judgmental parent opposed to nurturing parent, right. But when you're truly present in the moment and you're just letting everything flow through you, okay, you're having that carefree, free flow type of expression, not a contained expression, okay? We'll just say you have one product, okay? And obviously when they're stuck, you want to paint this side of the picture is like kitty, right? So for too much time on the phone, all right? And I, it came up with like, I think it's a combination of also like there's, um, there's, uh, there's been some local businesses actually, which is not our perfect clientele. After all that time, you know, wow, all of a sudden you want to transition into something now though, like what shifted for you? Now let's move on to the pitch. Okay, it's perfect. You had to coach them when they were scared they wanted to give up, okay? It does. And if you can achieve that, none of those questions are necessarily bad depending on the framing context, what you ask them. Remember, the first temp check is how do you feel? And I'd say that it's probably closer to 24, but then, I mean, I'm, I'm kind of taking some of that money and trying to set it aside to, to scale, but yeah, not really able to do that. I would tack on here. So I'm kind of justifying here. It can be a little bit of a gray area there. Then there's mini-chat. What are your other non monetary goals? I feel like we covered pretty much everything, man. Granted, that little objection here I'm getting, which thing, you wanna get that objection now, not when you get the price, right? We'll see you in this week's of training. It's very broad, so if you have a rambler on the phone, just kind of beware. They're not gonna They're not gonna like your your nuclear apocalypse plan for getting into investment banking. I got to get the data point, the business goal, why it's important, how it affects you personally. And then once we get all that done, we're ready to rock and roll. A lot of it is like, if they feel like the intention you're asking is just to like, like, just to see how much money they have, if they can sniff that intention off of you, you're going to trigger that resistance a little bit. I mean, I have my process, but I don't, I just kind of feel like it would just work for me. But you gave me some nuances and better ways of doing that and better, you know, the right tonality. Yeah, so hey, what I really found to work best on these calls is first diving in to understand your business, the mechanics of it, how it works, and ultimately what you feel like are the constraints that are keeping you from being where you want to be. Well, in this case, let's say they give you, because I've done this before, and then they give you the smart-ass response, oh, I haven't really decided. Now, other people, especially like if you're familiar with the disk scale, like SCs, they'll be like, well, I mean, I can't answer that question without knowing exactly how long this is gonna take and I haven't heard anything about your program, so. I guess like my only like worry, hesitation is just like in the back of my head, it's like, how is this gonna like, is this really gonna be different than like everything else that I've tried, you know? Hey, guys. When you had a question, how quickly did you get a response? You yanked me off there. And when you do this, you can lose yourself in an enjoyment of the process. So hopefully that makes sense. Yeah, I agree. This is something, the link for the original call should be in the description. So, ask this first, and then say, awesome, man. I'll be candid. Okay, so why do we do it this way? It won't seem like that on your calls, but I was just kinda going through it really fast for you so you could hear how it's said. Reschedule, okay? We actually have to maximize or minimize your downside as well. So those are two syntaxes, or kind of flows, that you'll use depending on which offer you have. And it's really not like the names that are new and unique. Extroverts might be better networkers, but when we're taking a lot of inbound leads or getting a lot of appointments on the calendar through organic social media, and then we're going deep into those conversations that are one-to-one, the introverts are going to have an advantage there. So knowing that to be true, let's look at our curated opportunity streams for this VSL, okay? And it goes, it's pretty long here, by the way, so just bear with me. And then the last thing is take written notes. That's Totally off the wall. Good for you to learn all that stuff, just it's overkill on a call like this, actually can do more harm than good, okay? Um, what's mine, all that kind of stuff. And that's because, especially about a year or two ago, a lot of people were only getting courses. The second is commitment to getting to the truth of if they're willing to commit to the change, they say they want to make. It's that time of year, you know? If the biggest challenge in your business right now is the marketing, and Dan's in charge of the marketing, well, why isn't he on this call, right? I keep saying next week about the mornings and the morning priming and the routine and everything. Now I'm going into that. Now, that's like the main thing, is how many calls can you book, right? You're going to see me doing that. And we probably could have gotten through it quicker. Anybody who's really an expert at what they do, they wouldn't do anything different than that. So, this is something the Pitch Codex is gonna help you create. Are you letting people off the hook? You're at $20,000 a month, no ad spend. That's a great way to really fire you up to like attack the day when you have these calls. And because so few salespeople are willing to do that because they're so afraid of losing the sale, that helps us gain moral authority. How can I trust you? Preferably, we want to start asking these questions after we know how long they've been experiencing said pain. Because basically what happens, you'll see the solution question syntax in just a second. But the reason we ask these is because there's the pain, but really the pain means nothing. If a prospect is complaining about how X, Y, and Z coaching program didn't work and, and you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and they're in there, they have that victim mentality in the discovery portion of the call. You just got to be a leader, you got to be direct, not take it at face value. So, like, a good example of this is, like, the pitch codex. And then it should be tailored to them. Okay, so my own sales trainer used to say that we aren't competing against our competitors in the market, we're competing against every other investment vehicle that's available for our prospects money. Okay, and is that gross or is that net? Which ones are you lacking and which ones are you doing a pretty good job on? So if we go over here, here's the pitching phase. Your pillar one might be offer creation. So chunking down is a great way to do this because the truth is in the numbers. Like, dude, what's, has you keep it on, keep it on? So just a big common pitfall here is getting in this mindset of like, oh, well they need to call every single person who's ever no-showed. Prospect's like, absolutely, great. Famous country singer, president of the United States. So first, just list out all of the ways, okay? With coffee, you might have a current situation of being tired or current situation, surface level being unproductive, emotionally feeling tired and groggy. Well, earlier on the call, you said that you want people to think of you as this, so, I mean, you tell me, is how you're acting now aligned with this person that you want to become? So, this is a really, really key thing here I learned from the COO from IBM, is the projection should be high enough to where even if the salesperson executes their week perfectly, they, at best, are only gonna have a 60 to 70% chance of hitting it, okay? Man, does that put you in a tough position having three kids and a wife and trying to kind of balance work life and family life? I mean, what would your wife think if you started bringing home $30,000 a month each month instead of five? Or, you know, some people, they might respond to this question with like their goals. Which by the way, that seems like a lot of clients doing it all the time. Yep, gotcha. Every single day, or at least as many calls as you really want or could take, right? How are you guys as floors this week? What I'm going to do right here is, let me pause this again and go into a flow chart. That gets us pain and doubt, okay? Was there any resources, training, or material to go through, or is it just one-on-one coaching sessions? 14, 15. But, you know, I'm also assuming that he's probably tested a lot of stuff and found this to work. So there's basically three parts. So, and I think being able to, being able to go over with you guys like that is going to be, is going to be huge because I really simplified it down to a few, just made it easy. And so I chunked down even further. It covers the seven beliefs Pain doubt pain doubt cost desire money support trust Everybody's seen this. Like this is pretty damn simple, but nobody in the market right now, to my knowledge, has a process outlined like this, that we explain it like this. So here's the thing, it really doesn't matter what order you do these in, okay? So like, here's an example of a phrase, you know, actually one of our head coaches, David Davidson, I got this from him, and he used to ask this to people on his sales calls, but maybe you're talking about, you know, somebody who they were working, let's use that guy who was at 15K a month, working nine to five, or nine to five job, he's working 80 hours a week, and he hates it, right? His offer was 3k. And somebody told me this one time, and I just always thought this was a really, really good tip, is I try to have the prospect, like for me, when I'm on a sales call and I'm listening to somebody and I'm active listening, I'm like mentally painting a portrait in my mind, and I'm asking the prospect questions so that I can really fill this portrait with as much detail and clarity as possible, okay? So widening the gap and we've covered doubt, right? So, yeah, I mean, it depends on what your offer is, man. Boom, qualifying. In the first one, we're going to set it up to only look at people coming in today, and so how we do that is instead of last engagement, we're going to choose created at, you're going to choose today, and then you're going to go in and add any filters that you have to for your business. It's a really good one. We'll get into some examples. It's going to get you 80% of what you want here. So we call opt-ins. He came in and he implemented a system that allowed him to finally get predictability with the people he was getting on the phone, and not just predictability with tire kickers, predictability with actual people who are wealthy and have money and who can make decisions. So at your current closing ratio, that's going to mean you're going to need to generate 50 leads a month, which is about 12 to 13 a week. Not necessarily true, because it's just such a shorter timeframe and it's a shorter sample size. That's what's going to make it seem super organic and not like it's not combative, right? And that's what you want to do with yourselves, bitch guys. So the very first thing I'm gonna do is take all my sales experience, 3,500 plus calls, eight figures in generated revenue, $40,000 a month of commissions, all the pain and the trial and the error that had to go along with all of that, and basically download it into you. And it'll make the conversation very naturally and free flowing to where a lot of these things about finances or maybe their spouse or their goals or things they've tried in the past, why they have to fix it now, it'll just come up on its own, right? And then I say, so why all of a sudden, are you, you know, wanting to shift now, though? I love to nerd out about that stuff. So maybe they do believe that they can get it to 50 grand a month, but they're like, oh, that's my five-year goal, right? So you're not going to use all of the questions. We talked about this in the last video. So let's talk about the frames to carry on your calls. This last little bit here, when I'm talking to myself here without any dialogue with the prospect whatsoever, kinda sounds a little chunky, a little scripted and forced. So you're going to learn that, and the specific scripting for that, and all of this, for that matter, in the trainings to come. Like, let's just have them call all those people. Combination of messenger outreach, content marketing. In my selling career, I'll tell you this, I used to use what's called the pre-pitch, and it's very advanced, it's very effective, I still use it sometimes to be able to bump people in the pocket where I need them, and build certain beliefs, and you're gonna learn it, I'm still gonna give you the training, but I'll say nowadays, what I even use myself, and what I just teach clients to use, is something called the super basic transition, which is like a two-line phrase that allows you to achieve these outcomes, and transition into your pitch with zero sales resistance. Yeah, it does. And then you just really follow up with the same questions above. So by the end of this, you should really, really get what I'm saying here. Um, now that's because, because of my energy and just how I can ask questions. He just wants to know the offer, wants to know the price. Like, I just don't like it. The reason I call it reverse selling is because it's a seven step process that allows you to eliminate objections before the close. What about x is important to you? So, I mean, right now, basically, okay? Let's say she had already told you that, okay? Pitching it over the phone, when I actually did the enrollments calls for this program, I totally sucked at this pillar. It's like a super kind of like, it's almost like they're just trying to appease you answer, right, the tonality's not there, it's not that certain. They might have tried coaching. And it goes like this. If you don't, go back and watch the training on curated opportunity streams. And basically Socratic dialogue is using a specific set of questions to help lead somebody to making the best decision for them, right? No, dude, that's why I'm on the call. And so we're kind of pointing out that a lot of these people who get on calls with business offers, they want to make $100,000 a month or something. Now we see how we just, we parlayed that right in the finances and then we're going to do the same thing with finances and chunk down. And she goes, and this is a lady who's really coachful, I trained for a while. But it technically is an objection handle. Because a lot of times, if you ask how it is yearly, they're going to tell you $10,000 to $15,000 a month. Now, during the call, we want to make sure we have a use of proper silence and cadence. That obviously you don't ask it like, um, and then you go home credit. Another thing is, don't judge the prospect or let your ego get into the way, all right? So I said, based on what we talked about earlier, do you feel like, in terms of finding a position, that's a part of the process that's gonna help you? And you start to find out that by chunking down, which if you don't know what I'm talking about, go watch this video, that over the past three months, they've closed three clients. You probably could eliminate one of the two steps here, but I think you guys get the point. Why didn't it work? Drill it in your morning meetings, 30 to 60 minutes a day. And then if you really want to go deep, which I'll tell you I've probably used these questions less than five times, but you can say, well, what it, because sometimes you'll ask this. Like, the thing that just wore him down was those constant ups and downs, those constant, you know, feeling like you're on the rollercoaster and you don't know how to get off. But real quick, what is the purpose slash what are we looking for in this part, OK? Make sure you go through all the week four and implement it. Why does he feel like this is going to work opposed to Amazon, dropshipping, all of that other shit? You should, too. I'm doing kind of a role play example here because we'll get into the how to in a second, but the role play is just gonna cement it in for you guys. Hey, will you send, if you get any, like, will you send me something? So they should at least make 100 a day, but man, they can make more. Now, on that second call, during the ring, we're gonna start to prep our email, and then eventually, after we're done, send the text and voicemail, okay? Like, uh, like some, some people call it like, like Jim Camp negotiation guy will call it being like a little not all right. Well, right now I've, you know, I'm trying to reach out on LinkedIn. I've asked some friends that are in business, what they do, but that's about it. When I sold full-time, one of the companies I sold for, I'd pull around $400,000 a month cash, okay? Then once that's reviewed by one of our experts, you can roll that out to your entire sales team, make sure everybody gets on the same page, which I highly recommend. Now, do you feel like you have a process that, you know, you knew if you followed it with certainty that you would lose weight? And as I was doing it, I was like, man, like, I should just show you guys this, because Larissa says this was the holy grail. The first step though, is we actually have to develop that skill into you, okay? The reason it's so important to understand these curated opportunity streams, it's really what the MDR team has built upon is these COSs, okay? And I kind of butchered the language here, but good question. And your information, not your information, your inspiration comes from your information that you take in. It's just how it is with these guys. Then afterwards, we wanna do what's called the button down, where essentially we button down the sale, which is really making sure they have their next steps, they know what's coming, they feel supported, and doing some certain things to pre-frame them on how they're probably gonna feel in the coming hours or coming days, how other people and their family might react to their decision, and help just really do everything that we can to make sure they get on the right foot, and we eliminate buyer's remorse and any chance of cancellations and refunds. The other risk is that your vision is smaller than where you're at now. If you've got $100,000 cash on hand, what we can do to get you to $50,000 a month and do that in the fastest way possible is a lot different than if you have $1,000 to your name. I think there was good parts and bad parts to that objection handle. And so instead of spending that time exhausted on your calls, you can actually take that time, 45 minutes to an hour, and be able to spend that time on your business or doing whatever you want, building your brand, so on and so forth. Although like what's like, why are you still taking calls? So once you have the problems, it's like we want to get through pain and doubt and like understanding, like we want to get a full understanding on the issue. You've been having a good week so far? But at the same time, if you're missing your projections, time and time again, there's something there, right? It just should be like your standard. You know, those kinds of questions can kind of help you too. And if that's something you want to talk about. It just came to mind because we get that a lot. Welcome to the Roleplay Breakdown on a BizOp Offer. I'm going to give you guys really concrete examples in scripting later on. We're going to get into that in the next video as well. So I can't make these up for you, but I can tell you that you need to cultivate both of these. So what's the biggest challenge? Now, where this is going to come up, because right, we're not really working from a script, is like, for me, this is going to come up somewhere in here. Um, so define team. Like, there's an obvious weight, like, feeling of heaviness and depth around what Tony says, okay? Like doing some stuff on LinkedIn, posting on Facebook groups, a lot of programming, like doing a ton of organic. You got to be good at VSLs, so make sure you go through that training first before you get here. What's your wife think? Well, and how would that affect your, your non-monetary goals? So, sometimes you might tailor that on the fly to make sure it applies to each and every different prospect. It's like eliciting that type of thing. Now, if you can say yes to this, like 100%, what's typically going to happen is you'll never get that at the end, right? So you're like, beautiful. And I put here, you're gonna go through all this stuff, and then you're gonna ask yourself what's different. Because a lot of times these people who are setting low goals, they actually have like what's important in these experiences or family and they want to do a bunch of things for them. Once you get these done, say it over and over again, and kind of just format it to where it's logical, it makes sense, and it's in your own dialect, okay? And then be silent and wait until they've done this. Then also, we want to know why, OK? And we talked about these earlier. I'm trying to get to 50 K a month. So what we're gonna dive into in this training is the three mechanisms of social conditioning, we're gonna talk about idea receptiveness, we're gonna talk about three certainty distinctions, three tells of dominance and influential vocal tonality, three levels of rapport and tonality. When you plan things on your calendar and you say certain tasks are gonna be done, they get done. Now I'm down here and I'm gonna, you know, basically see what his wife thinks about, you know, him, you know, the easiest way to qualify with spouse is to make it relevant to the situation. Because I will say it's going to start a little high level esoteric here. How would that make you feel, right? So next steps, that's pretty much it for this training. Do they fit that ideal client profile, the perfect people you want to attract? I'll show you how I do that question a little bit. How has this impacted your relationships with men or women, if it's weight? It's about 10% of the population. This is a good one for weight loss, right? So the first step is we identify the source of the rut. If you still don't get a response within 10 minutes, what you want to do is you want to double dial that lead and try to get them on the phone to do a triage. Like, it's like the, you don't sleep well knowing you're selling broken shit from China to people. It's very one back and forth, quick qualify to make sure they're in a good time and place to actually have the call. Then we go into week three, that sales process part one. And, you know, it's a great lesson for all the closers, but, you know, and then I'm talking about, I'm linking those benefits together, and then at the very end here, I started linking the costs together, because what we don't want to happen is you get on the wrong offer, you get strung along for two or three months, you don't make any money, and then you end up, like, parting ways, and you're right back where you started, just wasted time, right? And I like this way more, to be candid. So I would have shared my screen and I would have said, how familiar are you with what remote closing is? So the real long-term stress, especially of how the job landscape has changed over the last 30, 60, 30 to 60 days is for you to get out there, not get the recruiting job that you want. So usually, if you're doing all the technical things right, and the setters are not performing, or their show rates are really low, or their close rates are really low, it's usually just because the setter's bad. Like I'm confused, like I'm not confused, but I'm like, I'm like leaning in. And then he's like, yeah, I want the A to Z. Yeah, yeah. So what does this mean? I'm not asking, does she need to be on the call for you to make a decision? I mean, what type of impact do you feel like that has on you? With almost all of these, it works better if you use permission before, OK? And then I want to make sure like I want to dig into those and I want to like make sure he hasn't tried anything that's like what I'm going to offer. So that you really have to paint this picture of heaven island like we talked about in the last video. How is that impacting the bottom line? You can always default to the super basic. And we can absolutely teach you how to do that. So like the day leading up to this game, okay? Just because, I mean, I can give you some feedback that's gonna help you break through some of your limiting beliefs right now, but you know, I don't want you to get triggered and curse me out and hang up the phone. Do you feel like that has an impact on the way you make decisions in your business? I don't like being on the phones. The first one is ruthless detachment from the outcome. You're just creating an objection. What do you think she's going to say? You know, you get all this crazy stuff. So there can be this internalized shame that comes from, you know, setting a goal that's like a little bit above and beyond, okay? That's 75 grand in sales, not a million in sales, okay? You just kind of have to test it. Well, I'd say by the end of the call, the object, you know, I have to speak to my wife or something like this. And we'd be like, all right, it was 2.6%. And maybe that's from a fulfillment standpoint. I always try to hit certainty and significance no matter what. Right, or that kind of reminds me of her. And really what it is is it's new, consistent flow that's generated under the same context every single time. And it helps us strategize the best way forward. Now, the other outcome we're looking for is, are they willing to allocate those resources to fix the pain? Is there any other reason why? Okay, so this is basically a yes or no question. And then another one is, just to clarify your question here, you're asking X or you're asking Y, same thing, just different opening. And I hope you guys remember covering that last week with those doubt questions. And then I would have done why and I would have killed all other bridges. So look, man, we have a lot of agencies, business marketing, or marketing consultants, business consultants as clients that we've helped. I'd say that's 90% of the time. Or what are your reasons? So it's like in a business, you got to think like the business will naturally. The emotional benefit is typically the benefit of the logical benefit, okay? So that's your kind of why now questions. Well The first one and you might have to kind of do a little bit of research here The first one's going to be I don't know where to start. Have you been in the seven figure selling secrets group yet? So when somebody talks, there's a certain weight that you can sense from it, okay? There's that type of certainty, and then there's resolve, okay? Watch the videos again, and again, and again. And then also, we can create clear SOPs. Because these two are consistent, we can create clear SOPs on how to capitalize that and turn it into a sales call. But when you kind of mix it in with some education about cash flow is the lifeblood of your business, and it's important we protect that and build a war chest and increase your cash on hand. So there should be individual attention and then also attention in the actual meetings. That kind of gives me like a 30,000 view of kind of what you were looking for. Sure, there's like SDR teams and we have those internally where we just straight up cold outbound random people that like have no idea who we are, but that's a whole another thing. What up guys, Cole here. All right, or is this 10x Nation? But they need to be aggressive on the phones and just setting at first, building their confidence. How are you coming along on figuring out your offer? So I always like to slow it down. And he was asking questions, and he was trying to figure out what was the main thing that made you buy. So the rest of this training is basically going to be diving into each of the curated opportunity streams and the SOPs we use to capitalize on each of them. Now, middle of day process, so what you're doing actually in the field, selling the only two things that matter, and then finally, how you wrap up your day as a sales rep, your quote-unquote end-of-day process. One of the most, one of my sales mentors, he told me the two most powerful phrases on your sales calls are, tell me more, and you told me, OK? I don't do these, like, long, long, drawn-out stories about the person, but what I've found to really work best is when people are giving you their pain, okay, or maybe some things they've tried in the past or, like, their cost, relate to them some stuff about clients who felt the same way. My team might be on the little high side of that, maybe four to six a day. So the benefit of the benefit is usually an emotional one. How important? That's good, so, like, they're, you know they're kind of indoctrinated in the content. His lead generation's completely out of his control and because it's out of his control, his income's out of his control and therefore his life's out of control, right? So as you go throughout your pillars, which we already covered, and as we go throughout the committing phase, and even in objections, okay, all throughout the entire call, really, you know, your prospect will ask you questions about your program and the offer and how it applies to them because they wanna get information and see if this is something that is going to work for them, that they're interested in, okay? And he can show you some of the frameworks our other marketing consultants are using to hit, you know, what the 50K a month guys are doing, 150K a month guys are doing in your industry, if that's something you'd be potentially open to. This is creating the healthy tension. Like we knew it was 24 K net, but it's like, how much are you actually paying yourself? I was doing eight when I sold full time, right? I got permission, you know, and now I'm gonna go into cash on hand credit, all that stuff. I'd have no idea, because I'm just not gonna do that. We should have answers about 20% of the 100, okay? Does anybody know what it is? Oh, I guess, you know, if we're still way too 50, three years from now, I guess I'll still a two 50. Not necessarily their area code, but just the local area. So, the key is not just like hammering them to do more follow-ups and grilling them or teaching them how to do follow-up better, okay? She ain't going to do it, right? So I think of, like, what I needed in my transformation. Let me turn off my ridiculous air conditioning unit there. Can I ask you another question? So solution questions that sets up what they've tried before, what they haven't tried in the past. And then you can go into that. Do you feel like she's gonna be supportive? And so we're just continuing here. And basically the lady was like, yeah, you know, like, I'm just so good on the weekdays, but man, I just go off on the weekends. This is gonna help you implement it in a way that's completely natural, feels completely free flow, and not salesy, not mechanical at all, okay? We don't do low ticket. Cool, so, you got a pen and pad? That, I mean, it would become so painfully obvious what's different that you'll know what to change, and you'll get back to baseline, okay? Softening is, let's say they mentioned about how their situation's really, really bad and that they suck. So, you better believe, I'm in total inner alignment of every single idea I'm gonna be communicating over the phone, okay? But this is more of a goal-oriented question. Is this going to cause resistance at the end, okay? So I'll see you in that video, guys. Those are the ones we always wanna handle first before we go into spouse, financial, partner, anything else, okay? Same thing with the assessment forms training. Cool, so this way when you get a position, you're well prepared, you're ready to come in, you're gonna crush it from day one. You create a high-performance culture where not hitting projections is unacceptable, and when I say unacceptable, I mean unacceptable. Because a lot of times people, they start talking, then they start walking, okay? Now, if they're all ready, I'm going to get a temperature check here. Like any of that stuff would have been great to open the window. Then we just dive into the pitch codex as it's laid out. Look, it can be a fancy name, but really what it needs to be, and you're gonna hear me say this time and time again, is the simultaneous explanation of why everything they tried in the past has failed and why this is going to be different. And on the flip side of this, maybe you end up getting on an offer and let's say, you know, I know people where the business owner just shuts it down, right? Separate yourself from the competition, positioning, increased pricing, so more benefits. So week one is all about helping the sales rep, especially the new sales rep, get fully ramped ASAP. That's bad, they're not going to enroll. The money's nice, but we still do. Or sorry. And then there'll be kind of like a long pause, and be like, awesome, well, are you comfortable talking about the investment at this point? But they have a texting function. I use the super basic. I can tell you from my experience, my clients who are crushing it right now, my clients who are millionaires, they're making multiple seven figures a year, they have reasons why achieving this is so important. I love this question, okay? Then in week four, we'll go through the second part of the sales process, which is pitching and closing. If you've got a super full calendar, you might just let them go. It's literally like, if I want to take a vacation, I'm pulling myself away from the next paycheck. Then I started asking him how he's doing. And then we have the SOP, which is the outbound script. So look, independent, if you want to become Cole's private client or not, I can pair you up with Cole or his right hand guy, Mitchell, who works closely with Cole's clients, and he can show you some of the frameworks and methods our guys are using to hit, you know, 200, 300 a month or more in the fitness business growth industry specifically, if that's something you'd be open to. So, you do this and then you go, and just to be 100% clear, on a scale of one to 10, one being X and 10 being Y, where do you feel like you fall exactly? Worked, you know, spent $30 on Facebook ads. Of course, it's my vision. And then right then and there, if it's a situation like that, to where the partner responsible for the problem is not on the call, I reschedule immediately. I wouldn't basically It's a question, bro. Amir says, what do you think about sending a questionnaire like the one you had, if they're ready to invest or maxed out credit card company? And the reason it works so well is that you're using the context of the conversation to justify asking the question. There's basically two reasons it comes down to. So you're generating about, you know, eight leads a month right now. Can I ask you an honest question by saying, by pre-framing with honest and getting permission, you're going to get a more compliant, honest answer. This one, I'll tell you what, easier said than done because I'm just somebody kind of high ego, kind of stubborn to where I just tricked myself into not feeling like I'm gonna run a lot, but this is what you really should do, and you need to start reviewing this stuff a lot and humbling yourself because what it's gonna do is keep you honest, and then you're not gonna make the same mistakes again, and you'll progress in your life and your business and in sales. Now what is the buying pocket? Like, what's the ultimate consequence? Like, and you state the reason why this problem's a problem, which ultimately means the ultimate consequence. So that's like, that's a great example of hedging. Hold on. I also gave you KPIs earlier in this up here. So more specifically, getting to the truth of the transformation they want, the problem they're facing and what's keeping them from getting it, and if they're truly committed to aligning their actions with their words to get what they say that they want. But going into finances before does definitely have a lot of merit. Yeah, yeah, it makes sense that, establishing doubts, not just about asking this question, like, what's stopping you? Save all of your feedback and your thoughts and your coaching for what's called the transition phase of the call, okay? So you might teach, the very first thing is, you'd come up with a better name, but how to utilize that asset to get leads right on the phone. I've found, to be honest, what I'm gonna share with you right here, I found this to be the same for opt-ins as it is for buyers, so I would just disregard that. You know, the next thing I want to do is the why now? Yeah, you know i'm posting on linkedin. But when you were a teenager, or not a teenager, when you were a child, you lent your parents your decision-making because they had moral authority. You're gonna want an offer that challenges you more, pays you more, allows you to grow, pushes you, et cetera. You're gonna be like, I mean, the sun's gonna come up tomorrow. And I would just start to get into that and actually kind of lean out and disqualify them a bit. Yep, makes sense. You can even hop right to that after this video if you would like to. So it's like, okay, so out of those four, you mentioned like the clients you really want are these bigger corporate companies. It's really the three to four things of what we're gonna get done. So, I mean, you want to been, you've, you've wanted to leave your nine to five for three years now and you know, you're finally reaching out and looking at some possible options in terms of how to do it. But a lot of you guys, the big reason biz op, people lose sales, let's say you teach somebody how to buy businesses. And it'll really eliminate a lot of bad habits before they happen. And you want to use these on the isolated challenges and future problems. So I totally understand because there is a lot of internet scammers out there. We don't want to be budding in here with our ego or our judgment or our coaching. You know, it's like tight bro. Like, you know, and you're also telling me to get my call times from an hour and a half down to 45 minutes. And in the information gathering phase, there's different parts, right? That's a recipe for disaster Okay the much much better way Is I would first like make a process map of The different key areas that you want to hit And typically what it's going to look like is this so this offer is basically Um sales team building. Like, you're teaching people how to grow your, you know, grow an agency to six figures a month, and you've actually grown your agency to six figures a month. Okay, so for instance, if you ask what's the biggest challenge right now and they not only tell you the biggest challenge but they tell you why they can't fix it on their own, they tell you why they have to change now, what's gonna happen if nothing changes, they tell you their goal, why that's gonna be important. Good question. How long has this been going on? And so it's a really long tee up for the deliverable, okay? Or they've at least tried one thing, and they got burned, and it didn't work. It kind of checks this one off the list. That way you can come in, train up, start working on getting on an offer. And they're saying, oh, okay, well, you know, basically it's me and Dan, and Dan is in charge of the marketing, and I'm in charge of the fulfillment, and, like, the operations. And when you think about it, it makes sense because if you think about what defines an introvert versus what defines an extrovert, extroverts go wide and shallow with their relationships and introverts go narrow and deep. And I like the why now, though, what shifted for you? So we're gonna do that at the end of the week. Cause you could reveal like, there's been a lot of times I've been like, yeah, dude, you hired an agency, but they're just driving clicks to your website and you have nowhere to be able to convert the clicks, right? So what we're gonna do, and you always should be listening to your wins. So like, here's the thing, and I'm not saying that's going to happen, but that's a real conversation we need to have. Sets attempted. Should only be like supplemental opportunity to where when they've gone through all their curated opportunity, it's like, OK, well, start DMing people cold in our Facebook group. And you'll have that to fall back on, too. Okay, so this is huge. Because when I get him to tell me what happened, the moment of decision, okay, when he drew the line in the sand, more importantly, who's he telling? He has me fill out a short form. So does that make sense? We wanna know the intention. There's a few key pointers with those, but fairly, they're simple. You're spending most of that time locked in, blocked in the office, on the phone, making sales. Well, what about it's working great specifically? And then same thing for messenger. That's probably what a lot of my team does. So if you're like, I don't really understand this after going through this slide, it's okay. This part is very, I mean, all we really need is the data point and kind of overall what the outcome, what they want is. Just wanted to tack this on to the end of the video, guys. So when you say that, I know exactly what you mean, because it reminded me of him a lot. Would that affect what getting to 30 grand a month and being able to have consistency with that so you're not on the rollercoaster anymore, I mean, would that affect any other areas of your life? I used to sell a lot of realtors and, um, these realtors, they would come on the call and like they get pitched so much and, um, their frame and a lot of cases of what they wanted the process to be was stronger than mine because I was a beginner. I need help. So this is going to be four steps to get you from current situation to desired situation in approximate time frame, OK? So this is kind of icing on the cake. Now, there's no hard science on this, but man, this is pretty damn, this is pretty close, about as close as you're going to get. Welcome to this video on troubleshooting your setter team. And I showed you guys that on like how to take notes, that training, which you already should have watched. And I just threw these in here. So that's 10k in the past three months. So now I have income goals, I kind of have why that goal is important. So I'm just kind of exploring like every option. Okay, if you need help with this, you can just let me know. Some text here is we finished the discovery and we're about to pitch, and while we can't help this person, they don't have their business partner on the call. Don't worry about deposits. Now, that might not be what I'm not saying every single time, but that's an example of what a high-level promise would be. We're gonna talk about how to identify it, how to break it, and how to get back to what's called baseline. So the exact game plan for the next 90 days, the SOPs I need you to do from now, items I need you to take care of, items to take care of for you, how often we're gonna meet, how we're gonna meet, when we're gonna meet, et cetera, and so on. And then now we're into it, if that makes sense. Are you willing to invest in yourself financially to fix whatever pain they told you so that you can ultimately whatever they want? How do I know when I've really gotten to the cost and why they have to change now? And you don't need to read all of this, okay? It's gotta be a lot. So a lot of times I'll do that. Gotcha, what does that mean to you specifically, though? I don't really have like an exact number. So we'll talk about how to do this, but I just want to touch on this briefly right here. Does it cause stress? This is in a loose syntax, kind of almost a free flow. What you're gonna run into is then the prospect says something like, oh, okay, well, I don't know if this is what I was looking for then. I just need to reschedule, or not reschedule, but I need to set a time for you here in a couple hours where we can hop on for 10 minutes. Now I know you guys are going to ask this and every once in a while, and you know, I would say maybe five to 10% of the time, but oftentimes less. Now, once you get through that homework, after that, we're going to send you back basically what we call your implementation pathway, okay? And that's super simple. Just trust yourself that you'll do it. So, let's say, you know, the guy's like, yeah, you know, yeah, sounds good, right? Okay, a little bit long there, but still, you know, I gave some context on, you know, skillset, driving the right vehicle, gave them a story of why it's important, and then obviously the benefits of it. I'll give you our exact protocol later in the prospecting training. It's a great question, because they're going to tell you their objections on the front end. Once they're sold on the fact that the fastest way for them to get to their desired situation, let's say 20,000, 30,000, $50,000 a month, whatever their goal is, is to buy businesses. OK, you could even throw in something like, it doesn't matter to me either way, but if we're going to take you on as a client, we need to know that you have strong reasons to push through, and you're not going to quit at the first sight of adversity. With a guy, it could be, because they're typically a little bit more polyamorous in terms of their goals, it could be, you know, how many dates do you want to be going on a week? Can I ask you a personal question about your finances? Shit. There's still our sales to make But it's a it's a challenge. Like, I know I told you about him earlier. So, like, my four pillars, it's the 80-20, OK? Yeah, Cole, I have one. Even better, put open-minded to it. Because sometimes you've got to maneuver this around a little bit. And if we can get your parent, like this would be, I would have this conversation after I've gotten them on my side, we've created the two V one. So that's how we would get to support, okay? So they're all fluid together. So we just covered time. All great businesses out there, what they really focus on is building what's called a war chest, which means a lot of cash on hand. You ready to move on? We just want to get a number, not a story. So I just, very, very simple. What happens after? And I'm decent at what I do now. It was like that perfect balance of where I needed to be. So if you really listen to it at one X, you'd be able to see, like, I didn't say, okay, man. There's good pausing. So the reason I do it, you know, really near the end of information gathering is because if it does derail things, I can pivot that right into the solution because that's where they're going to want to go, okay? Like, I don't even know. Sometimes though, you're just going to get people who are, they're called a towards meta paradigm people to where they're more, they move towards something opposed to away from something. Now women have typically, and this is just because of our culture and how the feminism movement and how society has kind of really pushed women to crush it in their careers, crush it with their passion, all that stuff, which is amazing. Another way you can approach this is, okay, man, well, let's just kind of reverse engineer what you need to get to where you want to go. So you see how, you know, I, I, I throw out that challenge question. Now, before I even say this, your biggest risk, guys, with sales and just performance and life in general, is falling into a rut, but then not knowing you're in a rut because of your ego, all right? That just happens sometimes. In financial objections, which is I think the third video in week, in the objections week, at least, it breaks down every little step I did there. That's a recipe for a disaster, super low show rate. But maybe on the triage, like in that kind of role play example I gave you, the guy's only doing, you know, two grand a month net, okay? Then we're going to go through week nine, which is varying call analysis breakdowns of my calls, of other people's calls. But we just, part of my ability to do that is because I'm creating this dialogue and breaking it up, making it easy to digest, and it's really instilling clarity and certainty into the sales process here, into the pitch. One, generated on a daily or near daily basis. Then we tie down. Okay, so if we were able to get you to that point, do you have any sort of a reliable ramp up process where you can take those guys from zero to KPI as fast as possible without hemorrhaging cash? Epic phrase, by the way. This is our pitch, basically. Um, and then another doubt question here, but it just goes, it flows naturally when you're talking about the problem is, you know, what do you think has been keeping you from figuring that out on your own? Just know that the problems-first syntax and the goals-first syntax, which you're gonna learn in the following trainings, it's gonna show you exactly how to progress based on, basically exactly how to progress the invasiveness of your questions in a way that builds to where each question builds on the context of the last question. Because you know, one of the big things for me with me for clients is I don't want you to just be able to get off the phones, get some good reps in place and scale revenue, but I want your business to be the vehicle that empowers you to live whatever lifestyle you want to live, because that's what you got into business for in the first place. It's a different framework to think about it, but the buying pocket is going to be why they buy it from you specifically. And then this came up and, like, this was super interesting to me. Also, drawbacks of a two-call close. I got to what was keeping them from getting it on their own and I got them, I challenged them and took a stand for them because their actions weren't aligning with their words and they didn't enroll. Now, interrupting. So if you're transitioning into it right from the outbound call, like we went over this outbounds call script, right? It's like, what? And I'm actually over the next couple of weeks going to redo this video as well. A lot of it is shame. So if they tried nothing, okay, great. Does he think that's the biggest problem in your business, or does he have a little bit more of an ego, and he's not willing to accept that? In terms of lead gen, so you're doing like a few things, LinkedIn, Facebook groups, organic, kind of diving into to see how that's working specifically. It's more than how to sell on the phone. Because it's kind of a proprietary method that helps us separate ourselves from the competition. I mean, it's just a matter of sending it. So do the process map. It's like, okay, they want help like DIY. So this gives you a offer percentage of 68%. You have to have them focusing on the new flow, which is the hottest and the best leads, okay? We really wanna limit our downside in terms of our sales slumps and make sure that each call stays in its own universe. Okay, and why are you a commodity? So this one's really interesting and it actually parallels really well into vision. It's good. So both will work. Like if they're hitting their numbers, who really cares? Because of the context change, the authority changed. So I just, I just hate feeling like I've created a trap for myself. And then I may go for the deposit and also end with the two, if you've been through the spouse and partner training for objections, you'll know what I'm saying here. So um, this, I use this sucker a lot as well. Multiple reasons why answer rates are just so low right from the CRM. We're trying to possibly get help with that a priority Okay, so we want to make that shot across the file question still every single time All right, and by the way guys It's going to be a little bit easier for me if you guys like feel free to interrupt me ask me questions Whatever you want Because some dialogue will be helpful here. So basically from what I'm hearing, what you said you wanted to make is a hundred K, right? How about you? Cause you're gonna be, you get deep into the pain, right? A good phrase to remember is confused prospects don't buy. Now, does this mean that once we hit day 15 that the lead is worthless? And all successful people, they're really, really good at doing this. So like a huge, and I won't, I'm just going to spoil it for you guys. This is where it's really, really gonna get sexy, and if this hasn't served you, I guarantee fixing your pitch will change the game for you. I would say that's probably right in line. So what I'm hearing is like, you've taken a lot of stuff in terms of sales training, but nothing on how to actually take your own sales abilities, systematize it and download that into a rep who can take over you and step into your business and win. Or they want to make $3,000. So, once you have an offer, you're dialed in on that offer, you're making money. He says, yep. Real quick here, pause, real quick. And then when I have them switch over and really just focus on the new flow, the new incoming leads, and really just, whether it's repetitive calling or calling them as many times as you can, just focus on that new, within our 15-day window, results go way up, okay? They're like, yeah, man, I feel good about the process. And then as you'll see in the demo videos, when we demo our own pitch, you'll see me kind of just blend everything together and I don't really follow any of these formulas specifically, but I kind of almost create our own out of a combination of all these elements. So maybe I'm a salesperson, I have a few people in the pipeline or B2C offers, and we just had a dating client get amazing results, and then we do a client interview in the group. Okay, a lot of people here will say 80-20. That's what we're doing here, is we're selling them on the domino belief. My range of expression is really, really good. One thing we don't want is people going through this course and the sales team all doing different stuff and just everybody not being on the same page, okay? This will apply to high performance in your business, your life, really any area. And I got this from my mentor, Taylor Welch. I think the biggest lesson from this training is really going through, and I'd re-listen to how I chunk down with this. Most of the time, I do follow problems-first syntax or goals-first syntax depending on what I'm doing, just because it makes sense. Were you able to send? Questions, thoughts? But once you ask that, it's like, okay, well I closed two in the last three months. I only think about removing objections before the close. If it's a dating offer, how many dates are you going on a month right now? Yeah, for sure. Let's begin with the end in mind, ultimately like what's the goal, okay? You interacted with our Facebook ad. That's it for the meat and potatoes of week three. So there's a whole sequence for that. But that's actually reflective of their sound of belief, because what they're saying and what they're proposing to the prospect, the way of thinking they were trying to transfer to the prospect, they're so certain that that is the way they need to be thinking, that almost like anybody who doesn't think that way, it's like they just don't get it. Just as many as you can, OK? I mean, after all of that, after spending six figures over two years trying five to seven different programs that didn't work, I mean, I'm curious, but what has you keeping on? Because now it's only 2,900, at least the bank account is like that, whatever. So, hey, first name, Jared here from Gold Gordon's team in the Sales Team Accelerator. But to be able to have the impact and the reach and make the difference that you want, you need cash flow. I'm telling you, though, I just usually use these. I'm not condoning you're gonna call them stupid. So I'm like, yeah, dude, go set him for somebody else. Like, all shit could've gone bad, I still would've hit 10. It's just a matter of who. Or a really good one is, okay, so getting clear on your offer is your biggest challenge. Now here where we select new leads, we can see any new leads as they come in throughout the day, and if anybody responds to any of my messages, they'll pop up here in the unread communications tab. No need to heavy qualify until we do the transition. That's a big, that always happens because of that. But anyway, you were saying, you know, and then you go into your next question. You know, because what might happen is they might be, like some of these ones who don't set, the reason they should not set is like the one out of five here that's not gonna be set. I understand the implications of it. That's not a trust question, it's just a, it's a timing question, but I always just like asking it last because it's sort of a, you'll see what I mean here in a second, but you have a risk of derailing the call. We already got through the meat of it. Your biggest thing you're struggling with right now is lead gen, right? I guess this part, but sometimes you get very ego-driven people and they're just very alpha, they think they can do it on their own. Okay, really like any agencies, done for you, software as a service, professional services, those types of things. But outbound calling is really the same exact SOP as the VSL funnel. And I'll tell you what I do. And you're like, okay, well, you know, how does the leadership structure of your company work? One of the biggest mistakes that we find on sales calls all the time, it's like, I almost, if I listen to a call recording of just the average salesperson, they probably make this mistake 80% of the time, is they just anvil drop. I just, you know, it's tough. I mean, how much longer can you sustain being month to month, given the way things are now, before that has an effect on you? If you're able to offload that onto a salesperson, who's not going to miss a beat close as good as you. How many offers are you gonna make? Before we get into the specifics, let me tell you what this is all about, because really at the end of the day, the academy, the Remote Closer Academy, is all about equipping you with not just the skills, but also making sure you get on the right offer, you have the right training, you have the right mentorship, all of that stuff to get on an offer that allows you the income to leave your nine to five and make minimum $10,000 a month if you're a closer, but upwards, I mean, I told you, you know, I scaled this to $40,000 a month, okay? And I'll see you in the next training. So we want to give them permission. So we're gonna be covering everything you need to know, both from a philosophy and thinking standpoint, and a scripting standpoint on the introduction, how to have rapport, how to frame the call, the information gathering phase, and eliminating all the objections before the close, and making sure you know if and how you're going to help somebody, and also getting all the right information to set you up for the pitch properly. And one of the big things that I think threw a lot of people off is that this is really emphasizing the different questions you can use, their errors in your quiver, and you use them using Socratic dialogue that's very free flow, and you just kind of loosely go through the process. So real quick, if we go back to our call process, remember there's introduction, report frame, we've covered that. Now, the key here is making sure the projections, or making, sorry, making sure the pressure to hit projections is intrinsic for their own reasons, not extrinsic for your reasons, okay? Like, if you're going to take anything out of this training, guys, like that's one thing I want you to take out of it, as well as just like how I did the discovery very, very quickly. But I want to circle back to that in just a second, because you were mentioning, so you mentioned the expenses and feeling like you kind of got to keep taking calls to make sure your money's good out of that 24 K last month. Cool, so I have my calendar open now, does Thursday or Friday afternoon this week work better for you? That's why I'm on the call. It's on the setter KPIs for the VSL funnel. Awesome, did you have a chance to look through the homework I sent you? Four to six is awesome. And that's where I would really help coach or give my moment of leadership or whatever I needed to do to the prospect to help give them, break down any limiting beliefs that they had and rebuild the beliefs that they needed to really accept my pitch to be the perfect solution for them. Nothing crazy there. We want them to apply the right now, like the frame is now, okay. And that's not because we don't know what we're doing, like it's because we know what we're doing. A friend was telling me, here's a little bit of a different example, but a friend was telling me he was at a restaurant in LA and Leonardo DiCaprio was there and when he walked in, slowly, you know, he had his hat down, he was trying not to be noticed and all these things, but a few girls noticed him, were going up to him, and then eventually it kind of got around to the restaurant that everybody sort of realized that he was at the restaurant eating by himself, it was his favorite restaurant. Okay, now we gotta reschedule, right? You can always use like the, how negotiating, right? So real quick, I'm just curious before we get into that, about the group coaching. What's up, man? This is really important because once you understand these seven things, sometimes you do have a script, it's a really good, good script, but you have this prospect that totally derails the conversation and takes you off to Pluto talking about something entirely different. Yeah, I mean like, what's your goal? But if you're in your head, you're dead. See how I did one to 10, and then also weighted the scales. 600 to 800 opt-ins per month per one setter. So this is why this is so important, guys. So I want him to get him to justify to me why I wanna try to get him to eliminate those other bridges from current situation to the desired situation and just kinda get him out of trying to decide what opportunity. Right, and then we kinda get into the whole personal side. I was just trying to like show, I was trying to check all this stuff and beliefs for you guys. Or where, where do you really need to be? And this is also, did you honor your promises to yourself? Hey, can I ask you a personal question? We have processes and systems around how to use more, or how to use and take advantage of all of them. But what I did is I actually put the unique mechanism in the description. So, let's say, and this is a super easy example, does your program, the prospect asks a seemingly innocent question, does your program include group coaching calls? The tonality is very good. Yeah, so imagine if we just package your already existing sales expertise, obviously adjusted it for some nuances to the high ticket closing market, put you on a better offer and instead of making 4K a month, you're making 10. There's selfish reasons, and then there's unselfish reasons you have that are in the service of others. We've probably gotten to the doubt. So one thing that really plagued me, like very, very early in my career, like first couple of months, is I would have good discoveries, and then everything would just get super awkward, and I would just kind of very clunkily move into the pitch, and it would cause a ton of sales resistance. And it just makes perfect sense, okay? People who say five grand a month, you know, if they're at zero, it's not that they want five grand a month, they're just trying to sound realistic so they don't sound dumb, okay? The more prolific you are with asset creation, the more fodder your salespeople will have for follow-up, so this includes, obviously, you know, use my email marketing strategy, use our Facebook group strategy, use our retargeting strategy, okay? Then we're gonna transition. That's what I want them thinking before we go into the investment, okay? As people come in, I'm going to hit them up almost instantaneously. It lets them know, okay, as soon as I move forward, like these are the next things. I know that it's not going to be this good all the time and I need to prepare for the worst in a way. I'm re-recording the video. That'd almost be robotic in and within itself. Your laggings are always your outputs, okay? That's how they're gonna think about it. This is gonna be through what's called setting projections and also setting goals. Oh, wow, you only charge $2,000 per client. Now, what percentage of that time do you feel like you're working in your business opposed to on your business? Maybe you sell your agency service, you do Facebook ads for coaches, and they've went through three or four other agencies. Or we gotta dig into that and see what's going on. So you see how we actually have all of these at this point. I mean, really, you should be going through all of the training again and again. You know, what would that do for them? So I can just kind of throw in there, you know, okay, well, what was revenue last month? So what would that do for you? General rule of thumb, never go 45 seconds to a minute without asking, does that make sense? Now, let's say they've tried everything. We isolate the money objection. Also, this is key. Now, I kinda make a big claim, big promise here, and you see how, and I do this multiple times throughout the pitch, I swing the pendulum back, and I say, obviously it's not get rich quick. I'll have Becca splice this up and add it to the course just of what I went over in terms of the process framework and add those resources. OK, this has some cool stuff here. You know, I know that. But I get it would have this and that impact on the company, but why is that important to you personally, though? That's fine for certain people. So you just kind of insert similar product, which let's say it's coaching, solve problem, which in this case is bring on a few more sales reps and train them. Like, you're gonna get way supercharged metrics through that, but if you're just pure outbounding like a $7 book buyer versus an opt-in, it's basically the same. Equal is like I'm talking to you guys on this training, we mainly are gonna be like, our downward will be more so when we're asking questions. AKA, was this like a course where they gave you a bunch of videos and modules and told you good luck? Like, you know, what's your plan at the last three years of hating your boss and doing the nine to five or like the next three years. So you might go into your cost questions after finances. Now, this week's curriculum is as follows. Something like that, right? I'm going to talk about that in just a second, open loop. We want to give them control, illusion of control in this part of the call. So really quick, the pitching phase overview. That's just like the only like worry I would say I have. Now, I will say, guys, I've had so many people who run into this low goals issue type of thing. There he is, and apply. So it's gonna show up as the area code of the person in which you're calling. Well, a lot of it is when they spend money on ads, you know, sure, some of those people close right away, but the majority of them don't, and what those companies have created is an amazing ecosystem, which is a sales pipeline, essentially, that these people fall into, via social media and other mechanisms, and that ecosystem acts as like a crockpot that warms them up and spits them out when they're ready to buy. Well, man, what do you think? Now, below is a quick overview of this funnel. Like especially something like, oh man, well, I'm remodeling my house now so my finances are all tied up and I got to do it in three weeks. They're kind of like borderline, okay? Also, update your projections every night, every evening. I might have one after this, it kind of brings it all together, but this is pretty much it. So first, the best way to do this, it's like running diagnostics. That's why I got on the freaking call, dude. All right, super, super key. Now, obviously you've delivered the right language, that takes it to the next level, but if you're scripted, you're shooting yourself in the foot. So get clear. So the sales process, it'll, most parts stay the same for all three of these, they're just a slight adjustment. Which, usually what I do is, when I chunk down on business, and I'm getting into leads, I'll typically go back two or three months. A big reason for that is that all of my information I was taking in all day every day was about investing, and I didn't start taking in the motivational stuff, the sales stuff, and a lot of the information that I was taking in when I was performing at my high, okay? So now I got them hooked. There's so many times, like, if I couldn't close a guy, I would give my leads to the other closer. But if you're working with somebody who's like, they're good, there's basically two levels of transformation on the calls. No, I mean, sometimes there are people who are like, I wanna do this, but I'm scared, you know, not very good with technology. Like, what's really at stake for you here? It just saved you a bunch of time. But this one's really, really good, because it'll actually bypass this people just wanting this at low, shallow, small goals, and it'll actually get the big thing. So now we still maintain control, if that makes sense. So these questions will help us eliminate any objections having to do with if they've been burned in the past. And then the second one, I'll ask thoughts, and I'll try to create a little bit of dialogue around the second one. No, they're not certain. So compare that to how I just would normally say it always. He's one of Cole's hot right hands guys. Then three, I roll right into four. So are you guys on the same page? Now again, we don't actually use this. The reason I ask this question is because part of the reason I do this is not just to help you make money, but to empower you to live whatever lifestyle that you want to live. It's super important when you're pitching to really tie the features of what you're pitching to these emotions, especially guys, certainty and significance. So there's general probing questions, there's going to be chunking down questions, which are questions that turn stories into numbers. So real quick, before I dive into this whole thing, I just want to make sure I'm actually live here because you never know sometimes. The reason I do this is because logically, like pitch codecs, you understand which, OK, that's the pitch, right? It just makes such a big difference. So I'll say the first one's skill development, okay? I wanted to get your perspective on that Well, it depends on the situation Diagnose what's gonna be the best part the best thing for the person and how to lead them to the best outcome If I have no idea what the context of that actual person is going through right so it just depends I mean Dude, there's a lot of things you can bring out though I mean in a lot of senses dude, they still the best thing for them is still to do something It's still to pivot in position and change their marketing approach. They're like, really? Why that number? And I get that. This is coming from, and I'd like reference your influencer, who's really successful. Downward's like, imagine your football coach saying like, get on the line, right? So don't overcomplicate, don't sound scripted, that's also why the examples are important so you can see actually how it's done. Or like, what's her take on this? I don't know where they are, especially on an audio call. So it just is a logical flow, it makes sense, and it's typically what people come to you for. Hey guys, Cole here. Suppose and this is like how you do it on future challenges, right? Now, what you're gonna find is this comes up very naturally because the pillars are all, like that's the meat and potatoes of the pitch. And you're the type of person who's committed to making this work. What we really wanna avoid is upward. There's intro, information gathering, transition, pitch, committing, and objections. It's like, tell me how that would affect your personal life. We help personal trainers build online training programs. Can we go over again when your favorite place to bring in the doubt is specifically? It's this calm sense of certainty under pressure and getting in a flow state to where we're totally present and totally engaged in what we're doing will lend us that feeling. OK, well, yeah, would that have an impact on you? So when we're asking our skill questions and getting the prospect to express this above seven beliefs, not only are they telling us those things, but more importantly, they're telling themselves, okay? Make them accept the calendar invite. So if that was the case and you guys had already had that discussion, would we be moving forward right now? So this script would never apply. You got to have behavioral flexibility. So, hey, Jared from closers.io. Yeah, four's great. Levi do you have a question? When do we use these questions? I temp checked, got an objection, handled the objection and look, you know, it was all right. We're looking for the moment, OK? But like, you know, I, a lot of people like sophisticated buyers, like they know why you're asking. And then so some best practices. So that's just something to think about is that it can throttle your calendar. So that's it for this training guys. He's like, yeah, man, that sounds great. Now this works best if you kind of write it using the formula and then script it out to sound natural and then talk out loud. So right then and there, it's kind of like, not sure what's up with that. And then, as I get the leads, and how many people they closed, and what the conversion rate was, and all that stuff, I'll be like, OK, and then how much money did you do in October? So what I would do is I'd say, you know, man, that guy was telling you about Ryan, who, he was kind of in the same spot as you. All of those calls are two hours long. But I just want to inspire you on what's really possible because all of those things are achievable. OK, and look, so this isn't coming from me. And you'll likely use several of these. So I don't really need, like that objection's already eliminated, essentially. Two years, you know, you'll, you'll get all sorts of stuff. What are the possible ramifications if it doesn't? So, like, I boiled mine down to four steps. I just want you to be aware of it right now. What does that do? Right, oh, you're just trying to see if my spouse is doing something that, you know, is making a bunch of money. Now, granted, if the wife was kind of a smokescreen, that is a good, what I just did there, closing with the payment plans and kind of lowering the risk threshold or action threshold, whatever. So, um, probably the best place to start is, you know, what would you say is really, I mean, like your biggest challenge in the business or like at least what's not working at the level that you feel like it truly could be or, or that it should. Because you're going to get several. But other than that, that's it for this training. Then finally, since you have these two, then we can create a clear SOP on how to capitalize on that opportunity and turn a set into a closer. So, just remember that they're the expert in their own business and situation. So let's talk about that. I really want a girlfriend. I have a credit card, but. You're gonna fall into the same thing that all the sales teams out there fall into, which is that you're the sales manager or the CEO or whatever, and you're telling your team, hey, we need to follow up, hey, we need to follow up, and they're just not doing it because they think it's bullshit, okay? We'll talk more about that in a second, but this is a really, really key thing to make the sale, and a lot of people lose sales when they run into this bottleneck. My lead flow is inconsistent. I always diagnose one. Not necessarily, unless it's about acting, but this is just how the world works, you know? The big difference in the set of processes from the group funnel to the VSL is going to be the emphasis on group joins for the group, and really just overall the emphasis on chat in general. Because if he sells you on that, which is what he does on stage, all he sells you on is the idea that funnels is the way. So it's like, how long, and I love this sequence. This anxiety and depression and triggering one, I have a journaling routine that's called a correction routine. There's basically three tonalities and three postures. And I have one more thing that I think you'll like, just in terms of some homework. There was a training on this in 1.1, go through that, cause I think that's a little bit simpler. So, I'm giving kind of the reason I'm asking why before I ask it, because if you just go onto this, it's like, you know, it's like, what is this freaking sales dude doing, right? So what we're gonna cover specifically is getting into the proper mindset before the call, so the pre-call routine. Was that gross or was that net? Because you'll see, I break it down here. So long story short, this isn't good enough anymore, and we need to step our game up, okay? Now we go into the bridge. So how do we identify that we're in a rut for that day or two-day span, and get us out of it, if that makes sense, okay? So again, okay, you still got your pen and pad? If you're not doing that, poor leadership will always result in poor performance on both the setting and closing teams. Let's wait until next month because we don't have the time objection. So this is why it's not important what you say, but more important how you say it, okay? You know, we don't want that. Sometimes I'll do both, but you know, I'm not gonna ask some qualifying questions that if it, I don't feel like it's gonna be an issue slash, if it's something where if it came up as an objection at the end, I know I'd be able to crush it and just decimate it. This is good on understanding the philosophy of what we're doing behind it. So out of that, so here's a big thing, right? And for me, it was overwhelming. I don't know too much about it, though. Like, you know, I have like a real reason I want to lose the weight. It was this past week. You'll see the systems in another training. And again, having that feeling and be able to harness that, you're gonna transfer that over to your prospects and you're gonna influence people in that manner. So, I mean, that's a powerful thing to know, because you can really dig in on that, and what impact that's had on him, in what way, stuff like that. They're in this calm sense of certainty, even though the entire world is watching and it's, you know, game six or seven against the finals and if they lose their season's done. What happens is, if you're digging into finances with the belief that, you know, this guy, he probably doesn't have any money, so I need to dig into finances, they're going to pick that up energetically, and then they're going to put their guard up. So I'm gonna move on from this. Right, and it's a way to kind of lean out. One word, next question. Most times it's more of like a dating offer or a fitness offer or something like that. If they don't say anything, if they say, okay, well, you tell me, you say, well, do you want to go over investment? Let me repeat that. 30%, that's gonna take us down to seven grand a month. If the person's qualified, they should be 80 to 90% set rate, okay? Oh my god dude let me tell you about oh I called Zillow I gave him hell man let me tell you about I called him and I told him that you know if you if you keep my lead cost above a hundred dollars like I'm gonna tell the brokerage and you're not gonna get no business anymore it's like dude oh my god yeah just like oh man it's it's that is the worst and I'm the worst with them too because they always either push to a second call or like I push through it and I get through it and then they're like oh okay well that sounds great see you later and then hang up and you're like ah like that was just a total waste so I gotta jump to a call thanks guys I really appreciate it for sure um very helpful Amir says yeah Levi says we can finally trust your process what does that even mean dude he's saying now it's real just totally Levi can say anything and just smile afterwards and it's it's okay I didn't even you're just not even talking dude yeah he's muted wow he's even got like a heart with little things coming out of it on his coffee mug look at that very masculine Caledonia New Caledonia yeah yeah I can I can speak French
I'm just pulling levers and stuff. You know, what are their biggest fears and sticking points? Like five. He has afternoons pretty much wide open. And the bus driver does it. So that's why this is so powerful. Maybe they want to go from 10K a month to 50K a month. The downward inflecting tonality, and kinda the feeling like you're running downhill with how you speak in the second one, and then in the first one, the apprehensiveness, and the vibe of being safe, okay? He doesn't know what the proper process for determining his solution is because he's not the expert in this context. The three to five pillars itself is the unique mechanism if it's done correctly. And it's not coming off as like scripted, right? I can walk you through the process A to Z. I don't want you to make them feel dumb. So there is benefits of doing a one-call opposed to a two-call. So, instead of saying, I'll give you the prime example here that you'll learn in the training. And I think you guys will think it's pretty cool. So we usually do 40. And that's why I put here, contrary to what others teach, like don't use this silence as a weapon type of thing. Because if you still, if you feel like you're saying the words, but it's not quite like resonating with them, you don't want to fight shame in that part of the call. So I would do something like that. The success of that comes on that team focusing on the new flow. Like, you know, I'll ask my probing questions and a lot of times I'll have cost doubt. I mean, how do you, cause you know, I have a lot of friends who, um, marry two, three kids. I've done real estate. So chunk down, you're like, okay, well, you know, you've got, you know, two leads a week coming in right now, you know, is that where you want to be, you know, trying, trying to, and they're like, well, you know, it's fine, you know? What does being a leader for the prospect means? I want as many as we can get as well. This training is a kind of continuation from the last training on the pitching phase. A kinesthetic, think of like an older folk from the South, really slow, they're really checking in with how they feel when they're talking about everything. So essentially, we just went through this. Because if I chunk it down to that and understand how much time he's spending on calls, how that's affecting them, how that's impacting them, and ultimately how things would be different if he had somebody selling for him. How do you feel in terms of the process, in terms of those four things specifically? And likewise, for desired situation, there's both surface level and emotional level, OK? Because at the end of the day, if you want to be the type of person who, you know, takes a couple- Appeal to identity. The second thing I do is I listen to my identity document. And you can basically model mine and make yours. Or, more commonly, if you get an uncertain tonality, you want to check again, all right? As of now, I've worked with over 400 clients, 300 clients at the price tag of, you know, and I would just like, cause I know your price is a little bit lower than some people's, but it's still high ticket. Okay, so suppose we invite you and we build out a consistent organic acquisition strategy to where you can get the $20,000 a month without any ad spend at all. There's a lot of people out there who like don't do what they say these online programs So we don't usually do this But you know Is there any other reason aside from that that's keeping you from being less than 100% certain that you feel like the right thing now? Also, so much of our stuff runs through my Facebook personal profile that when you have different people logging in your Facebook from all over the world, I've seen people get banned, and then you're screwed. Now, to summarize, in the cases above, we lead with value so the salesperson can naturally shift the conversation and message you're back to, so how are you coming along on whatever the challenge was? Hopefully this was a great training for you guys. I mean, do you think you'd have about 10 hours a week to dedicate to solving this? So, it's this one. And you're almost like jumping up and down, like there's this energy of like tenseness and like nervousness and a little bit of excitement too. When you do anything great in business, there's literally no guarantees, except for the fact that there's going to be challenges. And also snuck in. Now that all goes back to cost because of the cost that that guy would have had of not getting his dating life figured out for the next 10, 20 years and never finding somebody who was his soulmate and who could be his partner and make his business even better because they're supporting him along the way. I'm sure you can chunk down to kind of make it seem unrealistic, and then you reframe them, or not unrealistic, but ridiculous, and then you reframe them. So low-ticket, mid-ticket, all that stuff. Another one is like if you do a live webinar training, that's gonna be super awesome, then the salespeople can hit up their pipeline, remind them to attend, tell them why it's gonna be valuable, et cetera, right, so for instance, let's say I do a big promotion, I make a post in the Facebook group, I say, hey, we're doing a training on how to X without Y, it's gonna be a brand new training on this big thing that is gonna get you results really, really fast, whatever, right, and then I say comment below if you're interested. Stuff like that, I rate myself on that as well. I only closed like two. A big issue is that like a lot of people will see like, you know, they'll have like 30,000 people in their CRM, they're like, man, I got so many leads, they just aren't contacted. As soon as we find the problem, we go deep and then the entire conversation, the entire conversation is really about being about the problem. So feel really good. And can I ask you another question? So as you get more advanced, these are important to understand. Um, what does that open you up to do? But it might be easier to really just kind of get clear on the vision first, and then reverse engineer, well, what's keeping them from doing that on their own? This is how the pre-pitch method was created. It's smooth. What's really important here, and I don't know why I had trouble with this, but when I first started, I would get very defensive. I mean, you know, it's just kind of interesting with wanting to make 2K a month in 60 days, because we have clients who get to the 5K mark within the first week. I will tell you this. So any questions, or any other questions? This is one that I don't hear talked about a lot, but like, I know for a fact, and my old sales trainer used to always tell me this is like, dude, he was like, get out there and make offers and have total utter conviction that we can help people. So we wanna paint the picture of what's on the other side of the cliff as much as we can, so when they make that investment, they know exactly what's gonna happen next, and we eliminate as much uncertainty as possible. And like, how does it work? Now, earlier, I mentioned, you know, one of the things you wanna watch out for is if they set a really, really small goal. Excited for you to start this week, and we'll see you in the first video pitching intro. And that's key for framing the calls. And half of that, 50%, was through pipeline and follow up, not one call close. We're going to go into objections 101. And so this is kind of like a little one-two punch. How much do you have to make just to replace the amount of income you're making from Pinterest? And then I would like laugh, right, as like a joke. So, this is where it's key to have my Rolodex of business owners who actually need salespeople at your disposal, because as you wanna move up and make more and more and take on more responsibility, get challenged more, you'll be able to have our distribution to be able to do that pretty much almost instantly. Totally. It wasn't, it wasn't a system. Okay, that might be delivery. But the biggest constraint for you is, you know, you just got eight leads a month, right? And so consistently, I did that for months above 30% and it was this, that was the only thing I changed. It's a great, great question. You don't have to do any of the lead generation. We help personal trainers. And by the way, if they haven't tried anything to fix this in the past, don't get all alarmed here. And then we're also gonna talk about personal examples and client examples of good and bad tonality from videos of me as well as call review breakdowns that I've done with clients. Do you have a family, you have kids? Everybody uses emotions to make decisions, okay? Like, I used to sell a really kind of jaded market in the coaching market, and I'm telling you guys, like, when I switched to this, it was a godsend because it just, I mean, I never had to worry about these detail-oriented questions of exactly how stuff worked ever again. So, different contexts for triage calls. Okay, see ya. They say, stay centered. So if you can here, just add in some benefit-rich language, but again, don't make it overcomplicated, don't get carried away. And then they're like, oh, long-term vision, 100K a month. So when you minimize it a little bit like, a lot of times what's going to happen is they're going to correct you. But we just wanna make sure, you know, this person's not on disability, living in a van down by the river type of thing, okay? But they don't are they are not connecting the dots and those things cost money or they become easier and more effective with money. You wanna flip-flop that, right? Well, what are you currently doing to try to generate leads right now? Literally, the two-call close is the same exact thing, introduction, information gathering, but your transition is gonna end with a second call. Well, a great way to do that in a way that's very polite is, hey, let me pause you for a second here, okay? So there's seeking rapport, neutral rapport, and breaking rapport. So that was totally cool. But the bread and butter of that funnel for setters is always the group join, and the two steps, and the interactions in the group, and the content. Like physically I can't take this anymore. That's the majority of it, OK? Your setter should segment between those as well. We're gonna have to make sure that we do everything possible to commit them to their vision, not close them into our product. Don't make it clunky and overly scripted, or you're just trying to add in all of these NLP and sales elements and all of this stuff.  Obviously you thought about 150, 200,000 a year. Works super well when executed properly, okay? Now let's get Pacific into the belief ladder. So in this example, in this diagram down here, why this is important, well we know what the prospect wants to buy, right? How many are coming in, all this kind of stuff, right? Um, and very similarly, we don't want to wield judgment upon our prospect for any reason. We're gonna talk more about that in week two, but your offer, I just wanted to be honest with you guys, what creates clarity, your offer is really what's gonna make them feel like, oh man, dude, that is what I didn't have, that why everything I tried in the past didn't work, and that's what I need to be able to get there a lot faster than where I am now. That's like what my native, if I'm in Arizona here, that's like what the area code is near Phoenix. Texting opt-ins as soon as they come in is second best. So you want to just brainstorm and list all of the steps in chronological order, OK? And then from there, it's like, okay, well, you know, let's brainstorm on what a better goal would be for you here. And then over the coming weeks, we can really figure out where to put our time and attention and our energy on fixing this to get you up to a level that you need to be to be performing. They're really trying to treat the symptom and not the root cause, because this beginning part is just so off. But this is like a lot of times worst case scenario. We're gonna look at it with slight adjustments for coaching, consulting offers, like group coaching programs, business coaching programs, so on and so forth. And I'm not saying obvious consequences. And what way does that impact you? So that doesn't mean that if you're an extrovert, you can't be a rockstar closer, but it actually works against you if you show up and you're like the energizer bunny. So yeah. So I just, I just hate feeling like I have to do something about this. They want to become, like, as best as they can be. Again, I've already said this, but this might be kind of unclear, but it'll come together, one, when you have your pitch revised by one of our coaches, and two, when you see my examples of how I do it, okay? So, at first you're gonna have rapport and frame. I said, hey, this is Cole, or hey, this is Brian. So, that's how we create clarity. This is a little bit wordy here, but let me explain. So hopefully that example makes sense, it's a little bit different. What's not working? So that's that one in terms of like it, Oh, but it is going to change. I mean, yeah. So we just went through, and the last call, if this is structured correctly, if not, it'll be the video after this, an outbound call that transitioned into a triage call that I booked for our console, right? So I was like, Oh, I mean, I got deep, we're deep enough to prevent objections before the close. And I'll tell you this guys, there's a lot of buzz about neutral-based language, okay, trust-based language. It never integrated with Close, which was a pain in the ass. So what we're gonna do, and I'm gonna show you how to do this in a end-of-day routine later in this training, is each night we're gonna rate ourselves on a scale of one to 10 based on our energy, all right, based on those four areas. How to transition in a way that minimizes sales resistance and also sets you up for a great pitching phase, and this is gonna be the next week of training. So those are segments and tagging that you can do in AlloWare and HubSpot, and usually any call software. Okay, for partner, we wanna use during background questions and pretty much like as soon as we, I should put this here, as soon as we hear the words we, that's a red flag. You always want to say something like this and then restate your high level promise. And what I know it's, you know, in our market, like in the French market, like everyone who using scripts, you know, are doing like Hell Island, Paradise Island. And because we're so hands-on, we're rolling up the sleeves, doing this with you, and making sure this thing is across the finish line. And if somebody brings that up, we're going to go deeper into that, OK? And that'll give them the pause and be like, they'll finish writing, and then they'll be like, yeah, man, I think that's exactly what I need. Just know your leading versus your lagging indicators, and really, your leadings are always your inputs. It's on an all-time low. You're either gonna get into KPI, or you're gonna get let go, you're gonna get terminated, okay? And he's like, no, I feel like you got it. Usually when we implement these with clients, it's one of the things that fixes their setting team as well. You know, basically just asking, like, is there any, is there anything else? Okay, cool. Like most of the results in any MDR effort, which is what we're trying to do here, is we're trying to build a setting team that capitalizes off our marketing effort, right? A lot of people miss that. So upward inflecting tonality, equal inflecting tonality, and downward inflecting tonality, right? At the end of the day, he's the one making decisions in the household, more than likely, and so if he really wants to do something, if he feels like it's the best next step to get them to where they want to go, she's going to follow his lead, okay? Now, important, if you're a sales rep, you're not gonna be able to get this reviewed, okay? So, all of that being said, if you're a business owner, this course can act like the sales ramping, or the Seven Figure Selling Academy 2.0, can act like a guide to create your own internal sales training, using how I have this laid out. Well, the reason you didn't get an immediately is because you know, Cole's been doing this for years, so he has a ton of different stuff he's done in the mastermind. So, right. But let me tell you, this really works. That's cool. So for instance, if a guy says, Oh, everything's fine, I just kind of want to, you know, see what you do. So for Mitchell, for you, I'm gonna use your example as a bunch, is offer an acquisition. Because if they're spending too much time on the phone, it's because they don't know where to start, right? What do they think? You're gonna share this document that you have with me. Is there also clear consequences of them doing nothing? So pain doubt then. How are you coming along with building the client success team? Then finally, the last phase is objections, okay? But what you're gonna run into, and with all these different examples, too, it might not be group coaching, it might be something else. So when we get these really low goals, we'll get into this. Oh, right. So, doing everything we talked about so far, it's going to minimize your ruts. What's your question? And by no means, if I did this on a live sales call, would I have lost the sale? Because I've had times where, you know, I've asked this question, and I'm speaking to the 25%, you know, person, majority, and, you know, the 25% holder. We want to go deeper than all of the other salespeople out there and then we want to really clarify and verify what we're hearing from people, okay? The next step will be understanding the workflow. First of all, I'm going to be breaking down a mock call I did with one of our closers on my personal team on a BizOp Offer, and it's also going to be doing goals-first syntax. This is a different version of the same question. Like don't ever think that I go crazy with it, but I'd like doing stuff like that when I can. And I was like, dude, you just got to fire a third of this team, keep the best guys, and once they did that, their performance went right back up. And I'll review this for you guys, if you want me to find out your big three problems, or two problems or whatever. They don't have the unreasonable reasons why, right? That increases answer rates dramatically. We don't wanna wield judgment upon the prospect for any reason. Cause you're, you're using context to justify like why you're asking the question. Like when it comes to that, what is not working? Everything, man. See, that would have been a little bit better way to frame this without being as redundant. So this was a massive, I mean, this was $200,000 plus in commissions that I wouldn't have made without doing this. Because a lot of these people, the way your offer should be set up, the first two, if they get those results, it should be fine. Go once, going twice. And so you're going to get so much better responses. Or how would that impact the company, right? Basically those are all here and we don't have to like guys, when I bring up these lists of questions, like you're not going to ask all of these, right? You have an idea of how to get there, but it's also not so close to where it's boring and not so far away to where it's overwhelming. I've had some really impressive results in sales over the past few years and I can tell you I was not a born salesperson. And we're just going to act like it's a normal two-call closing process, even if we're doing a one-call, just simply because the prospect's not going to know. The more prolific you are in asset creation, the more fodder, aka resources, your salespeople will have for follow-up. I had a client doing $2.2 million a month, solar agency. What does that mean? So, we'll probably do that next Friday. And then your overall performance. So you have to be free about what others think about you and you really have to be the uncontained, freely flowing, expressed version of you, okay? They either have to disqualify themselves, which they probably won't at this point, or they're gonna have to qualify to you and fight their way back in. So hey, let me like hop in here for a second. So a great example is, you'll discover my pitch codex framework for creating sales pitches that sell versus I'll teach you how to craft your pitch. A sales pitch, if you've ever been pitched on the phone and it's overwhelming and awful, it's usually when they just like, it's like the anvil drop, right? So again, as we transition out, we go into pitch, we have promise, bridge, delivery. See how I'm future pacing here? But then they like, if they won't, they just no matter how, like even trying to be super reasonable, I can totally appreciate that. The first one's gonna happen during frame the call, so up here, okay? Anything that gives them more time, they can spend that time with their family, therefore get more love and connection. I had one. And so, it kind of takes a form of its own after a while. The other thing is just not focusing on the traditional stuff, the meetings and the day reports, tracking, big three. But you're doing a two-step post once every two weeks, right? I mean, just look. I'm not going to get in a super long story about who I am. One, are you asking that question right after their goals? Because the point is, they're gonna either self-select or they're gonna correct you, right? Or other times it's, oh no, man, if she knew I was on this call looking at another program, she'd freaking kill me. You need to have certainty, right? So that would be like the simplest way to do it, but this is like a foolproof way where even somebody who is kind of guarded and doesn't want to get in a sales situation where they have to make a decision or whatever, a lot of times this is a good frame to just smoothly make sure that partner gets on the call and they won't butt up against that. It was one of those two, right? For partner, partner's a lot easier than spouse. There's the temperature check, next steps, and the investment. So, even me, it takes 30 calls to kind of get feedback from the market, see how it kind of feels live, how I'm delivering it. And he said, yeah. And you see the results in both your income, your impact, your skill set, everything from doing so. So your question, basically, first get really, really clear on the pain and then talk about the desire. So it includes what's called the temperature check, the next steps, and the investment drop, all right? Plus that way, if like you go into a slump or something, I can break it out of you within a day opposed to you having to wait like four to seven days to the next clinic. But like simple stuff like we set baseline, and usually right away we review a call. You're not even going on a date once every two weeks. And then you're going to get a reason. But don't worry about it. They're joining the group. So if your closing rate on cold traffic is 20%, your setter should at least get their closing rates at 20% of the sets they have, right? Then we go through sales philosophy and inner game, really setting the foundations for being able to deliver this sales process and sales quote unquote script at a very high and impactful level. Have you looked into any sort of closing or gotten training for closing before? So, that's it for this training guys. It's reps, it's the right information, and it's also the right mentorship, okay? Oh, yeah, it definitely would. And what we're doing here with this question is we're basically going deeper on the situation. Oh, I wanna be realistic, I, you know, I don't wanna get ahead of myself. And so I'm tying it to benefits and the benefit of that benefit, and I'm talking, I'm keeping a high level what we're gonna get done, and then most importantly, it's pretty simple what I'm saying here, guys. They'll say, Oh, well, you know, you know, I saw you didn't have a Facebook pixel. Yes two days ago Okay, not in the units. I listened to it over and over and over again. You're being silent so I don't know. And I would even add that like, a lot of really good sales meetings, they start by people sharing both their client wins and their personal wins. Need some help with this. But let's say he says something like, because either people will, when you say something like this, people will do one of two things. At the same time- Acknowledge, understand. Understand that to be true. How long you been doing that for? You know, then you don't need to do that stuff. One was 3,800 a month, one was like 2,400 a month. So really, if you get somebody who you can deem to be qualified, they should get set. So there's just not really a clear state change. So let me ask you, do you have access to credit to fund your business? Now, once we have an isolated pain, my biggest problem is generating leads. So let's get into, like, what is the committing phase and what's the purpose of it? I would have polished it over time, based on the feedback I was getting from prospects. He's like, I don't know. Like with group coaching, I'm curious, are you asking that because, you know, that program you were telling me before in the past, you didn't get the support that you wanted? So we'll get a copy of this. So kind of paint the picture of we need to build the target, then put them in a framework of saying, this is how we develop a target. So this tough position question's amazing. Before we get into kind of the nitty-gritty, what this is all about is getting you to X place in X timeframe, or X place in X timeframe without objection. That's the fun part. This is the gap, okay? You're going to see me doing uncertainty-based objections, as well as spouse-partner-based objections. If they own that, you still need to make sure that you're going a little deeper around it because there's usually another concern they have. Now, this isn't like a ton of content here. If you're not doing that, it's like the best productivity hack ever. So when they tell me these logical and emotional pain points I write these down. Well, how familiar are you with what remote closing is and how it works? There's gonna be challenges, okay? A lot of these kind of blend together. So here's an old funnel we were running back in the day. So, like, it makes sense to build a foundation first, you know? Sometimes I might just go, ultimately, what's the goal? We were only talking about personal. It actually sold high ticket over the phone or was it just somebody who was like interested? And then let me know if you need help, if you have questions, or if you just, like, feedback on basically the finished pitch, cool? So obviously, you know, this is a very long reframe, and you can kind of tailor this to your own offer, your own language. If you wanna learn about that, I can forward you to the right people. Just Cole here, just giving you a call. And I was the expert at, I was in total alignment with everything that I was speaking about, and the ideas that I was communicating. Regardless, it's a really, really important question to ask and doubt's really important to check out the list. It's the last one, but I'll spoil you guys. So non-buyer leads is gonna be like opt-ins for a VSL or webinar, opt-ins for a Facebook group. And if they say like four, right? Putting your setters in a Facebook group with zero training and telling them to go farm. We wanna tie down and open up for questions on each pillar. You know, I use language like, I'm gonna download that into you, right? How would I advise somebody dealing with the same struggles? Even if you're 80% one-call, sometimes, no matter what industry you're in, there's times where two-call makes more sense. Nothing, you should never do anything in your life at a freaking seven. Sometimes I say that. Do you guys have a guarantee? It was just someone tried to introduce me to someone. I do that every single time. You know, this sounds good. So now your projection is 10. Now, let's talk about certainty. But anyways, I have his calendar open now. So I've seen people hire setters. And what's funny is like most of us, we really only have two or three people in our lives who cat, who we can categorize as those people. So, just to be 100% clear, on a scale of one to 10, one being, I hate this guy, I just wanna get off the phone. And then also outbound calling. You'll see what I mean if you've seeded case studies earlier on. I wanna lose three pounds. It's Cole here. He's about to break that 100 mark, right? They think they gotta do a little mini recap when somebody's finished talking every single time. Nobody's gonna buy something they don't want. And at the same time, it's future pacing them. So that's it for the training, guys. We're going to start the call with pain questions, okay? That wasn't really that great now that I've said that out loud, but I think you guys get what I'm saying here. So we're going to talk about how to properly do that because most people don't do it right at all. And when you're entirely aligned with serving other people, you get energy, all right? So, what you're gonna learn here is one of the many lead efficiency strategies in this program that is going to increase your DPL, your dollar per lead, so a lot of what I teach is all about increasing the DPL because the better our DPL is, the more efficient our client acquisition system is, the more juice we can get out of the same lemon, the more ceiling we're gonna have for scale, the more edge we're gonna have against our competition, okay? Now, we kind of want to see what they say here. So that means out of 20 answers, about five should be qualified. So you're not necessarily unfocused throughout the day, but you're loose, you're relaxed, you're at ease, or even maybe laughing a little bit and having a little bit of fun, okay? Well, everything that we do is all customized. So the main one I usually use, it just didn't work with the group coaching example, is, well, it depends, okay? Now, for non-ROI and lifestyle type of offers, fitness, dating, mindset, which mindset could be related to business big time. Like, I would really be all over them, blowing them up, okay? They're just here for you. What happens when you do that is it'll migrate portions of your list into the group on a weekly basis. So now we're going to go into solution based questions because they're talking about stuff they've tried in the past that hasn't worked. So this is why some really good offers out there right now, the very first thing they'll do is they'll do, like, one-on-one coaching to help them with their offer, OK? It's really, you know, if somebody, and they'll say, say stuff like that. So, let's talk about the three keys. And you do it in a super cool way to where you're not feeling like, like you're asking for it. And there's no dialogue, and what happens is, the prospect, it's just too much information, and they can't remember all their questions, like, even if, I don't like it when they save their questions to the end. Honestly, man, it was, I don't want to get too personal, but it was like, there was a situation around Christmas where, I mean, I mean, I told you, I was working all these hours and still trying to hold a business together while And I didn't want to, but I had to be on the phones taking calls. I have a team to take, it's not, I don't have any employees, but I do have a lot of like, um, you know, contractors that work for me. So it's like, to me, like, I'm almost selling what I would have wanted back, you know, way in the day. I'm not willing to settle for that. Now, phone numbers from low-ticket buyers, OK? We find it works way better. Maybe you're selling a done-for-you professional service, and you're an agency. And like, we're at a crescendo to where like they're finally ready to like hear what you have, which is why they're on the damn call in the first place. So in the very, very first video, Getting Clear on the Pain, I talked about part one. This is a great question, because it's like, oh, man, they promised me they would work with me one-on-one, they promised me to do this, and then at the end of the day, I kind of got thrown in and it was just a course. Income goals, impact goals, um, things we want to do personally, professionally, so on and so forth. The reason why this is so important guys is because you can only influence people externally or influence the world for that matter based on what you have internally. These are just harder to implement, and usually when I see people do this, it's very scripted. But the difference is, now we're getting it before, it's like, it's not an objection because we're getting the concern before we answer the question. We're gonna get into more practical things you can do here in just a second, okay? Because really, they need to see your solution as the simultaneous explanation of why everything they tried in the past has failed, and why this is going to be different. So we do that to where after we go through the pitch, we do a temperature check, okay? And both of those things are way worse than office. You gotta have a local dialer for this. That's exactly what you're learning now. Oh, dude, it's like, I'm doing four a day, every day, back to back. So, this is something that I've learned firsthand, and I feel like I have a really, you know, I'm one of the few people out there, I'm sure other sales trainers can attest to this, is not well, but it's like, I've really been able to experience this because most people, they've either only been a sales rep, or they've either only sold as an entrepreneur. And then a lot of these questions are variations off kind of what we just already went over. That's how I always like to think about it. Alrighty guys, Cole here. Now, I'm not saying that's always gonna be the case, but if you ask it with the right tonality, it probably won't be the case, but sometimes it can be, so you gotta watch out for that. 5k a piece. So we want to pin down a clear target with numbers here. There's problem-first syntax, and there's goals-first syntax. So one is not better than the other. Just like, it's like a very simple question. So we call them basically as soon as possible, like five to 10 minutes after they opt in. So that being said, the seven beliefs, let's get into them, okay? Now, what trust-based language is, just to give you a primer, and again, we'll go deeper on this later on, but just to give you a primer, is it's language that helps remove the sales pressure by helping the prospect not feel like they're pressured into a corner by answering the question. Well, here's why. You got to have fluidity, right? Gotcha, now to those two, how many did you actually enroll into becoming a paying client? But what happens a lot of times is when you qualify on the front end, you derail the set, meaning like you start asking some qualifying questions, like this is an outbound kind of triage conversation, they're not too committed to this yet, so then they start asking about the product and it derails the set. And in the meantime, we'll probably add some trainings of this for the technical side of things. And then we dig into all that pain. This also can be called internal pressure. And like, it's something I enjoy. So we'd want to define those two things extremely clearly. So the mechanics of it, how it works and ultimately what you feel like are the constraints that are keeping you from being where you want to be. We're talking about building an agency business or something. Um, cause there's a lot of things like, you know, let's say, let's say you sell, we have people in here who sell Facebook group, like growing your coaching business through Facebook groups, for instance, like in organically. Look, current situation, right? But guys, like, don't under, like, especially, you know, when in doubt, just do super basic transition, okay? So we just wanna go understand the problem, context of the business, you know, here's some questions like if, let's say, like lead generation is their first challenge, offers their secondary challenge, you can ask, you know, how much time does it take to fulfill a single client, how many hours are you working right now, how many clients do you have right now, stuff like that, like this is more stuff for advisors, you probably don't have to ask this on a triage call. So remember, in the information gathering phase, what we're here to do is to determine if and how we can help the person. And I might repeat back, you know, I'm sure as you can appreciate as somebody, like you were saying, you don't wanna figure it out on your own, you know, insert whatever you're gonna say, right? So let's just kind of get right into this. Which that means you call, they don't answer. Because it doesn't matter how great you are at sales or the words you say on the phone if your energy sucks, if you have no certainty. So that's another great thing. But do you see how it's not like, why not stay where you're like, well, when I stay at just 20 grand a month, it's like, why not just keep living with the problem? And they just would have, yeah, you know, and then justified your position. First of all, this is a brand new offer, and when I say a brand new offer, quite literally I wrote the pitch directly before doing this roleplay call, and then did the roleplay call. That's what we want to sell them on, that creating funnels is the way. There's also the VSL, which is, I think, the best one in which you're going to scale. So we really want to create, the pitch should be a very, very dialogue type of thing. So I've seen instances where 2K buyers of a course that's a year or two old, still very great leads. So that being said, curriculum overview, here's how it works, OK? Alternate time close. As you start to get the setters too high in comparison to the closers, their performance goes down. And as you can see, we kind of just went into the set of processes. It's also gonna allow you to parlay in the spouse. I sort of just riffed it off the cuff. Not a lot of commentary on that one. For instance, somebody who has a 512 credit score with $800 in the bank, they are not able, minus the fact that somebody lends them the money or they borrow from a family member. So then I can use that again in my solution. And I'm saying, okay, well, why that number? So you can just kind of add whatever else you want there. We already went through this, but add, there's an opt-in page, it goes to VSL, then an application page, and a booking page, and a thank you page. So if this is like, kind of like, okay, this makes sense, but like, how the hell do I do this on my sales call? But you see how I tried to limit my range of expression very, very narrowly, okay? So if you can imagine waking up and doing everything you do now in your business, which is mainly sales calls, right. Also don't sleep on, can I ask you a personal question? Does that make sense? I have no idea. So, and then list out also the consequences of not having it, because if there's any good contrast examples that you can use that aren't super complicated, use them. So, we're gonna create what's called a high-level promise, which is a hard offer here, but you don't wanna lie to anybody. It's just super fast, okay? One is to understand if and how you can help the prospect, and two, to eliminate objections before the close. So key distinction there, but with that said, let's get into the script. Like if I tell you what these are, maybe onboarding and ramp-up, you're kind of like, OK, that sounds different. So we're covering each of those three parts right now. So while obviously you gotta put in work, it's not get rich quick, it's not gonna be easy, but given you put in the work, you're gonna have all of the resources that you need to be able to get there, 100%, okay? Now, a novice salesperson, that same question, they'll ask it like, so ultimately, I mean, what's your goal? The reason I put them up here in terms of widening the gap is because when you're going to use these, oftentimes it's when you're going into these types of questions, or you're chunking down, or any of that stuff we talked about earlier. I'm just pulling levers and stuff. So I always wanna dig into that. So moving on here, let's talk about some common pitfalls with the pitch codex, okay? We'll talk about the new way, which is the Pitch Codex, common pitfalls of the Pitch Codex, and then just a high-level overview of what we're getting into. Like, you'll be able to narrow down the three to four steps, and now we're going to call those pillars, all right? Now I'm gonna go into some, like kind of a connecting question slash like, just use the context of what we were talking about previously to set some sort of frame here. Like, you'll notice some of the stuff here, I didn't read it word for word. Yeah, well, are you asking that question? If you know those problems inside and out, you know exactly how to identify, diagnose, and solve them, and you just give off this vibe, like, dude, I've seen, I see these problems all the time, I fix these problems for breakfast. Got to make sure it's done right. I mean, like I'm, I'm doing the majority of the sales right now. We're not asking, like, when do you want to do it, it's just like, when would you even have the bandwidth? Were you able to work with anybody one-on-one? We're just leading, leading. We'll get deeper into this stuff. When you do great in anything in business, there's no guarantees, which I love this framing as well, because what we're doing here is we're actually eliminating the, is there a guarantee option before, or is there a guarantee objection? This training is on vision and desire. And then the prospect answers, yeah, I mean, very little. Every single day, that gives me inspiration that also aligns me with my vision. No, ideally, I'd like to be at like 4,500 to 5,000. How would it affect that? Welcome to week 8, which is all about asking skill questions, in parentheses, I put advanced. And they can be actually your personal wins as well. I found with opt-ins, 600 to 800 per month per setter. Well, this is how you do it. Because I've heard this advice before, and it's good advice, but here's the problem, is if we only can measure it quantitatively, then we gotta take 30 calls to even know we're in a rut, right? You might be in a relationship with somebody and you always wanna weigh their alternatives and know really what's on the line and the cost for your clients. It's going to be hand raisers from content in the group. There's other situations where some prospects I'm talking to you like their shit is turned so upside down that they don't even like Where maybe the best thing is to actually delay to where like If they're really if they're telling me that their situation I'm like gosh I Where I feel like from a leadership perspective they they should delay things I guess there's certain situations where I want to delay from a place of leadership so that knowing that they actually are a really good prospect and not that'll build trust in terms of like I see this as a good opportunity to build pipeline to for like once things Settle down a little bit. What's your, what's your question? But either way, best practice, you want to go last. Okay, makes perfect sense. I trust you with whatever you do. You state it twice, they write it down. So when you first hire setters, have them focus on throughput, then have them focus on quality. I'll tell you right now, I just gave these to you so you can just kind of get a feel for this and you can know these questions. No, that was that was all my revenue. That's kind of like, oh, well, why does that matter type of thing. So it's, OK, well, that's amazing, and that's great. So the exact same damn thing that you guys are going to say on these calls. So those are the quick two parts here. And I was like, you just need to cut that way down, fire two-thirds of the setting team, keep that ratio at five and five, keep your best guys, highly efficient system, keep them focusing on new lead flow, and then that way they have a proper amount of calendar space, and boom, that fixed the problem just right then and there. So does she really want you to fix this? OK, well, then I get your month to month, and it's causing some stress. Either they've tried a bunch of stuff to fix it or they've tried nothing. With somebody like that, I'm just gonna like literally write down, we're not the type that wants to figure it out on their own. If not, sometimes people on his calendar links book over each other, so I just want to make sure it's blocked off. And it's very effective as well. It's produced from something like this. For me, it's like, if I'm selling somebody on sales training, like, this is my life's work. No. Okay, this is another way you could frame this. And the thing is, you still, even if it's in the application, you still need to ask because when they tell you that they're 200 pounds and they want to get to 150, let's say they tell you they're 200, like I just said, well, they have all of this emotional baggage likely attached to weighing 200. Then we start getting stricter about their quality. So if we look at this, we can see that there's background questions, paying questions, doubt questions, financial resource questions, solution questions, cost questions, desire questions, and support questions. Resolve is like, if I asked you, what are the chances of the sun coming up tomorrow? And it's funny, part of the errors, I'm going to call out on this roleplay breakdown where I screw up here, because I didn't do everything perfect. That'll come later, I promise. This is how I learned it, just out of my own experience, is do not let digging into financials become a self-fulfilling prophecy, OK? And one of the ones that I thought was really, really good is ask somebody that's close to you, this today or this week or even this month, what has been your experience with me? Believe me, it happens and you should know how to handle objections, but 80% of the closes, there's usually not objections or there's just some logistics, okay? Will allow you to have a sense of freedom in which you can go on a week long vacation with a laptop attached to your side. Now, you don't want to be like, ridiculous here, and be like, you know, 10 sounds okay, and one is you hate me forever. Can you, I just sent you a calendar invite. So what we have our setters do is relentlessly focus on the new incoming leads. So you can see what I'm doing here. You want to let the hero show up. So that's the pitching phase, okay? Then we're gonna go over the committing phase. If you're not there, add more days back, add more days back until you're around that range. Like the cost of doing nothing is just not great enough for them to invest into this. Okay, so for instance, this is a four-step process to where not only we're gonna get you closing in at least 30% of your sales calls in eight weeks, but at the same time, turn your sales process into a high-converting asset that any sales rep can step into and be able to close. And they're going to be like, yeah man, that sounds great. In the investor and angel space, like there's a broad range of stuff that can happen. All they would have to do. Now, for tough questions, use softeners. But like, if you pitch and price right after this and they're a seven, they ain't enrolling, okay? This is stuff he said on the call in this example. No, no, no. When you say that's your biggest challenge, what did you mean by that or why do you say that? It's just a known standard. It's got 30 plus hours of trainings, literally just like this. Okay, well, I know you didn't hit it off with Brad, why don't you talk with Jack? Because you know how earlier on the call you told me that you're closing about one out of every 10 to 15 consoles that you have, and it's kind of making you feel a little bit like you're in that feast or famine cycle that you mentioned? It just makes sense based on the definition of that. So you probably wouldn't do this on every single four of your pillars. And the way I do that is through this alignment bit. Now, did I get four times better? This training is on creating doubts, okay? I'm stuck working in my business right now with a ton of fulfillment. I mean, beyond just those basic things, what does that look like for you specifically? That's where the money is going to be. So, a lot of people had done other programs before ours, and this was a common question, does your program include group coaching calls? And then you just drop the investment. And sales is one of these funny things where you do want to loosely follow the process, but you can't be rigid. A few things, if they get defensive, is, look, the reason, and the reason I'm asking you is to find the best route to achieve your goal. Or, well, does your partner know about us? No, I mean, I've been on the feast or famine cycle for a freaking 15 years. But I mean, I make, I'm making 65,000 a month, most of the months, um, by myself. And then when they're on the golf course, who holds the frame then, right? Talk to your wife, we'll set up a call tomorrow. So that is kind of like a fancy, unique mechanism. So tell me more, can you explain what happened? It's always good. What would that do? Like I probably could have hit it in 12, 11 minutes, but you know, 14 is actually, actually right on point. On an emotional level, let's look at how that's affecting these six human needs, right? So I have my calendar open now, and then you reschedule, right? This is why a lot of sales reps, once they get fully ramped and they start to have three, four, five calls a day every single day, they start to do a lot better because they sort of embody this because they don't need any one sale. Like it's, I don't know why that is. Well, let me just ask the obvious question. And then we're going to move on to frame the call, which is where we set the agenda for the call. So on your notes, on your piece of paper, write out one through four. This is fundamental stuff. OK, we kind of go into it. So really quickly, just as a primer, or just to set some context, there's really too much information in the world, there's an abundance of information and way too much for your mind to process, or specifically your RAS to process all at one time. We've already had in-depth training on the VSL funnel, so go back and watch that training if you haven't already or you're not going to understand any of this. So basically just working with all of those teams, he took all of the patterns and kind of the common success patterns that he's seen behind the scenes in the back ends of all these businesses and really boiled it down to a training that outlines the four key steps that you need to be able to build a seven multiple seven, even eight figure sales team, get off the phone, scale revenue, bring on sales reps, all of that stuff. I said, here's why I believe, like you said your goal was 20, $30,000 a month, right? There's two phases of your sales training. Well, because can I be honest with you for a second? Clarity is the next thing. Because to normalize a new level of performance, it's more about minimizing your downside and setting a baseline, opposed to trying to achieve and break a record, okay? But I wanna keep going with this because I know it's gonna be a long video. Well, like that doesn't give me any info. Maybe you do fitness coaching, you track their macros. And then we start to get clear on this, so you can see how it segues. Okay, what about the week before? Yeah, please. But let me know if you have questions on that, because in terms of using case studies and building trust, this little thing here is a game changer, okay, with the seeding the stories. But dude, I mean, it's hard. And they usually let us down without us being able to diagnose why. I want to tell you about, I got this from Ed Milet, if you know who that is, but basically the belief I'm talking about in your prospect is that most people have two or three people in their lives who believe in them more than they do themselves, right? I think I have a pretty good idea of something that's going to help you. I'm not saying getting on the phone to buy consulting in general was rare, just getting on the phone to buy this information, group coaching program, three or four years ago, upon the time of, I'm recording this at least, three or four years ago, that was pretty rare. And then actually, once you're in KPI, bumping your closing ratio to 30, 40% or more. These are just the seven most common that I thought of when I typed it up. Dude, just hanging out. I don't even use that anymore. I mean, this especially is important for dating, relationships, health, fitness. Before we move on, John, is there any other area, your business, your life, your goals, et cetera, I mean, anything else that you feel like we haven't covered that you feel like I need to know? Or they just told you their goal. And he doesn't even really think it's that much of a problem, okay? For instance, now for my sales team accelerator offer, in June I closed 80%. It makes sense. We can only take that and bring it outward. So four of the seven we got. We covered an overview and some of these overview videos up here. So that's the first one, super easy. Now, this is not contract value. Next to number three, right, ramp up and calibration. I don't know, it's just something I picked up. The second reason why this is no longer ideal is we're in what's called the post-trust era, okay? And if I don't figure out by this year, I've got to go back and work a 9 to 5, right? Yeah, I mean, it makes a lot of sense. So the cadence should be they should call. Come to this call and we can role play and figure it out. And if you wanna go deeper into what we talk about today, I'd recommend checking out some of his products. And we can, we can really find the unique reasons of why that person is great and finding the greatness within them. How much were they a piece? So let's get into it. Right, and this is stuff you can do, it's like personal wins, you can review and you can journal about. Absolutely. Have you ever had a coach? So how many times have I used this and gotten somebody resourceful and they've closed? So step one, super simple, get clear on the transformation, current and desired situation, should already know this. Or what do you really wanna be charging? So this is probably the best part for you to really get that distinction. This is a fancy way of asking, do you have business partners? Oh, yeah, it would have helped me definitely actually get this general information from this course and actually apply it to my specific situation. So the first thing we're to do is diagnose the source of the rut, and then the second thing we're to do is reset the baseline, all right? So before we get into these, I want you to look at the difference in levels of dominance, the vibe, the difference in levels of vibe, there were one, I just know exactly what I'm talking about, it's like, no bullshit, I've done this a thousand times, I'm here to lead you through this process, listen up. Were you able to get with somebody on my team? But it is important for you to understand this. If you ask any questions on that, they'll always say no. She was like, gotcha, so take me back to last Sunday, you mentioned you went on the weekends, what did you eat Sunday specifically? Can you help me out and figure your frame? It just didn't have the tenacity I was looking for. Now, you can, in the follow up here, this is kind of like a why now slash why not stay where you are question. No, you know, it's just going to be a little bit more, like don't be frustrated if you're like, you're fishing for this stuff and you can't find it. You know, and this is one of the ones where, there, this is one of the ones where it's like, I can tell you what to say, but was there kind of a trust thing going on before, like you were saying? That's all they say. So it's like right away, if I just say that, oh, yeah, they didn't review my calls, not even just one, I can use that down the line to position my offer away from that and say things like, look, somebody teaching you a bunch of sales and not even reviewing your calls is like your football coach coaching you over the phone and never watching film or never watching you play. It's a coaching program, helping agency owners build their business. You can tell, you know, he just wants to get to the point. So I put here in the keynotes, these kinds of general questions here, they're going to parlay really well into like doubt questions, background questions, which is like, what is your offer? Does that make sense guys? But if they're doing Walmart, you know, if they're working at Walmart, it's a red flag, OK? And then this should not take a long time, okay? He's famous, whatever, you love his movies, and that's because of the status delta of somebody who's extremely famous, okay? How many hours do you feel like you're spending on the phone specifically on sales? So we have some clients come in, and based on their finances, we can take them straight to paid advertising and scale them right up. And then that's for like, obviously like everything we talked about, like, is it like a program? But naturally, as you go deeper into the pain, you're going to get into solution and financial questions. Or, whenever you do these scales of one to 10, if they don't give you, they're like, oh, I don't know, I just can't put my finger on it. These are based on a buyer's list without speed taken into account. Really, you just had to become good at one skill, step in and be able to perform and compared to other sales positions, has the shortest sales cycle. So one key distinction here is, and this is really big, OK? He has a lot of recognized authority, right? Why is that not working? Another five would be one call close, right? So, um, that's how I would do it. But you really get about as many as you want. And there's just a lot of like, there's a, you know, sometimes my tonality goes down and sometimes it goes up and sometimes it speeds up and all of that stuff, okay? Okay, so you see how there's multiple tie downs there? Here's what it is and here's how it works. So we'll just go through one model here. If you don't get a hold of them, they go into your pipeline. Just you. Ninja, okay. If they you feel like they're like, when I gave an example about how I parlayed in with lead generation. So effective, guys. So in our example, let's say I want to be looking at all of our RCA leads that came from Facebook and YouTube, but I also don't want to look at the leads that came from Facebook and YouTube that have booked a call, and so what I would do is I would go into here, and I would choose does not have tag RCA call booked Facebook, YouTube, or clients. They're going to be like, feels like exactly what I need, man, this is awesome. Then you're going into all of that stuff. Works every single time. Another one you can ask is, can I ask you a personal question? Okay, and then what I usually do is I'll future pace, so let's say they did, okay? So don't just get, don't, don't get too like carried away or confused. Like he has no, I don't know if that was what that meant. But most of the time, we just wanna stay silent when we ask a question. Walk me through that. Gotcha, is that what you wanna be charging or what do you really wanna be charging? So I think you guys get the point. Well, John, based on what you told me previously, we can definitely help. I'm actually, that's part of widening the gap, so it's all good, you know? Well, in what way? It's the first thing you're going to do in the beginning of the call and then part two is what you're going to do once you've isolated the pain. We want to really assign as many numbers to that scenario as possible that they want $100,000 a month in net commission income after paying out their team. We'll see you in the next training. Welcome to this video on the triage call where we're specifically gonna go through the script for triages. These are not an exhaustive list of all the curated opportunities. Actively really take notes. But I was gonna say here is like, is a little bit of homework, guys, I'd map out like you're gonna kind of create a little process map, see where these two fit in, map out your one to three big problems. Yeah, pretty much. So last month you had people, two of them are your ideal client profile that you wanted to attract. So you know we're in the information gathering phase obviously. So really light here, but I like, instead of how's it going, what are you up to? So why not just stay where I'm at? They're just kind of frustrated, and that's something they're saying as an aside. So then week one is going to be what's called the ramp up, OK? Credit? So I talked about, I kept a super high level, and I talked about what we're gonna get done, right? Like what's been in the way? So we've got to go to the other recording now. But if this is a, again, set triage call, you're not transitioning from the outbound dial itself, it's a set triage call, two minutes, three minutes, tops, rapport and frame. His tonality is insane. And instead I was like, gotcha. Like, what about this is so important? Maybe they want to go from one listing closed a month to 10 listing closed a month, I don't know. So, strategy one, we want to see if they're just trying to be realistic, okay? The final one is a poor skill set of setters. Now, really important, there's no such thing as a completely accurate or completely true mental model. So, really important thing here. Why now, though? Now, we had all those people set this up. So, again, you should all have a page that basically has all your case studies and testimonials on it, videos and screenshots, and just whatever else. Because sometimes, maybe it is a one-on-one, but it's like all they did is they got one one-on-one call a week, each week, and for 10 calls. How does it work? Obviously, if you're a very good salesperson, you could qualify and do your discovery on the front end and then book and confirm at the end and not do it this way, but the reason I structured it this way is it's just so much easier, especially from a setter perspective who's a little bit newer to sales, getting a hold of this the first time, way easier for them to do, and when I've taught this to teams, they've had way better success, okay? And then this framing is something you always want to use. So this eliminates the I've been burned before objection and helps them logically tell themselves why this is going to be different. And so. And the other thing is, too, when you make a big purchase like that, when somebody makes a $2,000 purchase, they're gonna be more receptive to somebody who's reaching out to them from your company. They, you know, it was great for lead generation, but we have no fulfillment systems. And I'm obviously just kind of riffing that off the cup. I just don't know what I don't know. Totally different situation to handle. And really the only thing we're gonna do differently is just make sure we tell them that there's gonna be another call. Like, is it like, you like, you like need a yes, like right now? You see what I said here? And we'll go into if they haven't tried anything. What are the non-monetary goals that you want your business to allow you to achieve? For like, I mean, each individual thing like had their own issues, right? And I think that's so true, and in your pitch, you just wanna be hammering, you know how you told me earlier on the call that, insert what they said, OK? So just something came to mind when you were going through, you know, why not just stay where you're at? That's why like hype-y, you know, high-pitched salespeople, that's just, you know, you're never gonna be an A player like that, with that type of energy. Does he or she know you're on this call? Okay, that's the information you're taking in daily. Let me know. Okay, well, how do you feel? So you kind of know where the call is gonna go, but you're still, you know, you're not like flipping through a Google doc, reading your script and trying to find the right questions to ask and all up in your head. As well as your need and payoff questions can. That's where we're going to take all of the training and all of the general information and apply that to your specific situation offer. So that was the frame of the call. So just big pitfall to watch out for. Because you gotta think, the problems that people are coming to you for, that's where you wanna differentiate yourself, because they're stuck, right? So, you know, past three years you're advertising on Zillow. And one thing I wanna point out here is that the level of invasiveness in which you can start is entirely dictated by how the prospects are getting on the call in the first place. This is like, I'll tell you what, I fought myself to do this for a long time, but I am telling you, it is one of the best habits I have ever developed in my life, okay? Any questions on that? And it's like, is this guy really hearing me or what's going on? And now we're going to use the timeframe in the context of like, why now? You got that person to five, then 25, you go back in your questions, okay, 25 grand a month, why do you say that? Oh, I think it was definitely the information was good. Honestly, alleviates probably 80, you know, it's the 80-20, right? It's about impact. Now, the good thing is once you master this, you can basically go into any new thriving industry, any booming industry, because you have the most important skill in the world, which is the only skill that really is the one that's responsible for money changing hands. So basically, there's two sort of scenarios for a curated opportunity lead that they're going to come in. This training is on getting clear on the pain, okay? And once we go through some of these examples, you're gonna see some salespeople who normally don't talk like this at all, like they're not walking around in their day-to-day lives with upward inflecting tonality, just totally overusing it, but then on the sales call, it's just constant, and it's because it's a symptom and the root cause is a deeper sense of uncertainty and lack of comfort with their sales process. Like, let's say they just hop in some random Facebook group, hit the segment by the list, and just go through and random DM people. Prolific content marketing, okay? If it just kind of organically comes up, but typically I'll always use this right before the transition slash the pre-pitch, okay? There's been no contact with the company in six months. So don't get all like, you know, don't try to get in a battle with them here, just neutral tonality. Speed it up to 2x, and listen to it in your car. Is that gross? And really see if your default state has been like anxiety, fear, pain, guilt, any of those negative type of emotions, okay? You do it, right? Okay, which gets us the same outcome, but we're just using language, it's not going to trigger as much resistance, because what you don't want to do is like, well, if I could show you how to get to, you know, $50,000 a month in your business in the next eight weeks, when would you be looking to start, right? It would do this. And now I'm like, okay, I don't want it to become a one-sided landslide, right? You can ask questions that dig in to how, okay, so great. Then once you do this, and you kind of brainstorm it, a lot of times it's pretty easy, guys. You know, let's say here's another one. You know, and I'm sure there's a way you can frame this for if you do relationships, if you do nutrition-based or weight loss, or any of that stuff. A lot. This is a small but killer phase to learn here. We'll work with you until you do. And I have your email here. Four is ascension. And it's great to parlay in division. He has the frame until he goes to play 18 holes with the golf pro. So this is really detaching from the outcome, commitment to a flawless execution of the process, and then enjoying the process. If there's no problem on the call, to me, there's no sale, right? So as you can see in the left side, we have current situation, desired situation. So once you enroll, we'll give you an initial intake kind of homework to complete. Another one is like a one-off masterclass. So once you get to this, this will give you your pain and then we can move here. Now, you also wanna have tech in place, and this can be done through HubSpot, I believe, and also tagging with Alaware and all this stuff. According to Harvard Business Review, calls after 4 p.m. are 164% more likely to result in a meaningful conversation, and so this is a great time to leverage all of your new leads. Let's move on into the prize frame. What do we need to be able to check this one off the list? And these are the things that they hated, they didn't like, they didn't get, which we can make sure our program includes those things, of course, if it can. Or do we just have to allow them to self-diagnose to be able to make that? There was also, since I originally wrote out this training here, there was a study done by a SaaS company, like multiple eight-figure, nine-figure SaaS company, and they found there was a 21x increase in sets when the lead was contacted in five minutes versus 30 minutes. But this is gonna be a typical example, probably 80-90% of the time when you outbound call and they answer and they're qualified and you do the turn, which you'll see in a little bit. And so it gives them a lot more permission to come up with a question about it and kind of create some dialogue because there's an expectation there. Now, before we get into the script, which by the way, I know I've taught this script to several different companies. So in other words, if everything I've told you on this call is true, you're a hundred percent. But typically it's always going to be after we've isolated the challenge. Okay, gotcha, is that gross or is that net? How much money do you need to bring in to replace your current income doing blank? Obviously, a lot of the best industries are gonna be in coaching, consulting, agency, the other high ticket services, just because they're booming, and because they're growing, they need closers, big time. So, any other questions? Weird trick, but almost works like 90% of the time. Don't learn all this stuff, then take it onto a call and try to implement it all without the right practice, and then it sounds super clunky and horrible because you're in your head. There's one speech I listened to from a guy named Ed Milet. So ultimately if you're able to ask what would that open you up to do? This is super, super important, guys, because where you're gonna gain the most ground is not by just only focusing on your upside. And I kind of make it a little bit funny, but I'm giving, I'm making him get buy-in to the fact that I'm about to drop the hammer. So again, the first question's always gonna be, gotcha, so what do you think your biggest challenge is right now based on that I can pair you up with something that's actually relevant and useful for you specifically. This is really important, by the way. Like your setters won't produce results like that, and they're gonna fail. Okay, so a few things here that we got just from that. So this is always going to be my hot list. And I heard you mention it in the fitness offer, right? I'm talking benefit, benefit that benefit, linking the costs. And then probably deposit closed, okay? Yeah, I mean, like, I did it. They're never going to want to delay or wait a month or something stupid like that, because they've just told themselves about what's going to happen if they don't change and why it's important for them to change now, OK? So, I'm going to give you later on in the training, this will be in the next weeks of training, I'm going to give you two syntaxes, or kind of scripts called problems for syntax, and goals for syntax, which are very systematic ways to execute these all very quickly, in like 10 to 15 minutes, you're going to be able to go super deep on your sales calls very, very fast. This whole pre-pitch thing. It's like, do you feel like you have like a, or do you feel like you have a process in which like you can take specific key actions and kind of like something where you can pull the lever and get new sales candidates, new potential sales reps reaching out to you at will? And I mean, dude, it's just like, it's just a shit ecosystem where like, all the managers are buddies. But the best time to dig into it is organically when it comes up. And if you deviate from that process whatsoever, it's like, it just is not, like ideally, yeah, if you can do it, but it's just, it's not very practical. But sometimes VSL opt-ins are the same quality as buyers. It should be like, okay, and what exactly is your offer? Now, I, instead of just going out and generating 10 calls, I generated 50 calls, okay? That's gonna be rapport and frame the call. So I mean, look, those first two alone will get you at least 30% closing ratio. And you should know how to do it to be able to maximize your conversions on the phone. Um, I took, I took a couple of sales trainings. That is sort of the marketing thesis, the sales thesis, the domino belief, whatever you want to call it, OK? I mean, there's no downside to that, except for the fact that it's just not that productive. I'm only doing five, six calls a week. You say, Hey, can I ask you an honest question? However, like, especially with this being such a layup, like I, I mean, you know, like literally there was so many opportunities to ask, like when he was talking about the wife up here, um, you know, what does your wife think about this? I would go as far as to say nothing is more influential than moral authority, okay? So just wanted to record this quick video, and let me know if it helps. Who is responsible for what? And then you go into the reschedule. Like, you know, if you got like a 5K, 10K weight loss program for instance, and they wanna lose five pounds, all right? So it's like, I mean, it's a good one. What you are going to get good success with, with those guys is the two truths. That's what we're really talking about here. That's why you're stuck at 20 K a month. So obviously, when they reply, that's a curated opportunity stream that these setters can capitalize on. Oh, I really wanna be charging 5K. Especially, you know, depending on what their environment and their peer group is like and who they're surrounded with. Makes sense. So you tell me. Sometimes it helps them kind of think about what they're doing, okay? We're also not going to give any coaching prior to fully diagnosing the prospect situation. So this is very similar to the state of resolve in which we were talking about earlier. This was written a little bit ago. And then really just three years ago when I started, I thought it'd be a little bit easier, but it would just be so nice to, you know, have different challenges rather than just being on the phone all day long every day and be able to say, I did it for that. So the pillars, I say them multiple times. And then remember, depending on their responses, you can follow up with these bad boys. You're going to be calling those ASAP within five minutes. But long term, what we do is we set up a weekly live stream in the group. It just overall ended up being a big waste of time, okay? One every other week is what I make all of our team leads and executives do with all of their teams. And this is what they sent me. Gangster way to transition into the investment. Now, we're not doing any sort of lifestyle or dating or agency two call close offer in this section, at least yet. And then, hey, can I ask you a personal question? So that alone helps you not only in your entire life, but of course on your sales calls, all right? Then we got to up our marketing. I mean, do just like, like work for somebody or like do something that is fulfilling in a sense where like, I feel like it's challenging and progressing. Like, I think that could have been a little bit better. So what doesn't work? Now, I'm going to go ahead and tab out. Okay, so they're going to obviously respond yes, especially with how I how I soften that language and it's like not a very cornering type of language. So it's like, I'm just going to take that bait and go right for it since it's relevant. Here's my thought process on this, and I mean, granted, look, can you qualify and sell the console at the same time and then book them? So there is a little bit of rust in some errors here. You also wanna tie the benefits that relate specifically to them and what they told you they want, OK? We need to broaden that, okay? We tie down on the certainty that this is the right thing. So, you know, out of four sets, one to two should close. The let's pretend for a moment you were to go ahead with is really good, because it's conditional language, it'll remove a lot of the sales resistance. So you see how that's a logical, linear pathway from current situation to desired situation. So I would, I play around with that. That means, that's basically a yes that they need to be on the call, okay? And this is going to raise certainty and also provide tangibility, which is really, really big. But here's a little bit of a different one. And those are different so-called scripts. Is the right time cool? Joseph, do you ask him for questions? What have you tried to fix this in the past, if anything? You're not going to tell anything about the case study's results until you get to this point. Oftentimes, it's gross. So knowing the delivery, especially in the coaching world, is really important. Well, tell me more about that. You'll see we have 119 tasks, you should be somewhere between 100 and 150. And then after we get through all this stuff and you know, we might've covered tertiary stuff as well. Then we also want to think, like, OK, so what are the essential steps? I'm going right into the financials pretty easily. You might wanna ask a question like this, because that might not be worth the advisor's time. Probably about three, I only had 1K in expenses. Suppose we invited you in, build out your offer. So one of my areas of expertise is really helping solopreneurs who have no control over their sales process start closing 30% or more of their calls consistently without having to use a lot of sales pressure. Like, some of my clients are sales reps. So another way we can do that is in, in what ways does problem show up in other areas of your life? So go ahead and do that. How many of those 24 sales calls fit the bill of the exact type of person you're trying to attract? However, if you do the two points above, the outbound prospecting as well as the prolific content marketing, that is the main stuff. And that's where you get, hey, I want to think about it. We don't want to wield judgment upon anybody. It's why a huge aspect of sales is growing as a person, raising your standards, up-leveling your identity, because at the end of the day, nothing is more influential than who you are in the way you think, and really, who you are is a product of the way you think, okay? Always err on the side of extreme simplicity and clarity. You should just get that, okay? So that one, I did drag out a little bit. Right here, this syntax, which I'll give you guys again, basically, how long, solution question, you have one or two scenarios, then you ask, why now? Automatically, 99% of the time, they say no. Now, two-steps. So 2,900. Definitely get help, for sure. Do you make quick decisions? Sound cool? And you're not going to prescribe anything until that prospect or until that process is completed. So, in terms of gross, are you comfortable with setting 20K a month as a goal? So we're hedging here. What does your dream body look like? Yeah I mean there's a lot of things that are going on you know and it could be one to where it kind of has lost it because of the stuff going on right so I wouldn't beat yourself up about it just we want to handle it as good as we can. Stretch time. Cole here, and we're back with another training. Now, just to let you guys know, this video here is from 7 FSA 1.0. So it might reference some things that are out of context but it's still totally relevant. Why aren't you charging that already? Now, to get into the questions, here's questions to get the data points slash what they want. And you can see how, in terms of how this is all fulfilled, I kind of start with like, again, the deliverable. Ridiculous. Like I said, typically, if we don't get the person in 48 hours, if they're an opt-in, they gone, okay? Well, what about the week before? Because they're gonna have the fodder to constantly follow up in a way that's valuable and a way that's relevant. Anything less than two, like if you got setters who are not even getting two sets a day, why are they on the team in that case? You don't need to take 150 calls to close five people. Then we're gonna qualify. So what we're learning here to bring this full circle guys is like, cause it is hard. So make sure you stay all the way to the end and watch this video. I wanna eliminate that right now, right? And be like, well, dude, like I literally have so many clients. So like what we found is this requires it, you know, what was it? Boom. So a lot of times, these will end up being one call. Um, so that's key or they're outside, right? So if you're a business owner watching this, this video is probably gonna direct you towards the business owner version of the course and show you the scheduling link and all that stuff to be able to get your pitch reviewed with one of our coaches, which I highly, highly recommend. Now, you're going to learn a process called the Pitch Codex System, which we're going to break your offer into three to five pillars, which will outline your method of success. Because with B to C, like if you're selling weight loss and the ad's all about weight loss, most likely the person who opted in is gonna wanna lose weight. There's two outcomes of this. I mean, there's still something that's keeping him from getting there tomorrow, right? It's like, okay, I can teach you Facebook ads, but the very first thing we gotta focus on is your offer because it's the same thing as the pitch codex. And in that way, worst case, we can take care of the rest 30 days down the road. You can also say, what does your ideal business look like to you? Well, most fitness coaches, it's funny because they'll have a lot of followers on Instagram, but they won't have consistent lead generation processes. So, you just see how I'm like, right now, I'm, you know, I booked the call, I'm getting the tie-downs here, and then we're going to go into qualifying. We wanna tailor this so it's like, so specific and so customized, and it feels perfect from them. So desire is after pain, doubt, cost. Like, long-term deals, deals that most people would have just completely given up on, and so that's 2.4 million in business profit that I generated, and if I wasn't doing long-term sales follow-up, like you're gonna learn in this, that I would never have generated, okay? Or, like, if I had a follow-up that same day. Okay, when you say that, you know, when you said that you were wondering about those group coaching calls, what did you mean exactly? So there's three parts to this. So the purpose of this week, the reason I'm telling you this, is because you're going to learn extensively. Are you going to be on the call for two and a half hours? So if you're taking somebody who just wants to make money online and you want to teach them how to do an agency, you want to teach them how to do a dropshipping store, you want to teach them how to do a turnkey Amazon business, a high ticket closing, whatever, right? So now we're doing this, here we go. So typically, the problem I see with these is people will ask the question, but they won't ask the right follow-ups to the question. That would have been like the, like, that would have been the, that would have been where it's at dog. What about yesterday? I mean, is there anything that you would change or you would improve if you could? And it was like, he said this one thing. And I put here opt-ins for many chat, but to be candid, I don't even recommend that anymore. How would it feel to be able to do that? And notice too, like I'm not doing a really good job of it because it's, it's hard when you're just talking by yourself, but at the same time, you do want to like, there's a name, there's a name for this. So these are the ones that are going to be, and we'll say, you know, plus data point questions, right? That's going to give us always consistent group joins. It's like, I can't fix it on my own, or it would be like stupid for me to try to fix it on my own because it's too much time and money, wasted resources, I want to follow a proven process. So that's an easy frame. So imagine watching a video of just some Joe Schmo spewing some personal development stuff about getting in state, getting leverage on yourself, and then imagine Tony Robbins saying that same exact content. So that's resolve, and it's another distinction of certainty that you really wanna bring on these calls. Now, what is moral authority? There's also something, Max Ham, who's a coach in the program right now, he taught me this concept called a minimalist mechanism, right, something can be so simple that just by the nature of the simplicity of it, it becomes unique, and that's kind of almost what we want with this. And so in practice, it's going to look something like this. I also want to realign you with the fact that processing that amount of money and deliberately not doing what we say, if that was the case, we would literally be in jail. Have you been in our Facebook group yet? Now, sometimes we can't use specific numbers, so we want to elicit specific details. Like I'm not saying group calls, or one-on-ones, or whatever. We'll see you in the next one. And what I have found is when you get permission before asking that question, you just get a way better response. Now, let's say all of this is checking out, you're probably only gonna get 30 to 50 calls to prove yourself, okay? You're open to hearing my thoughts. So first I want to acknowledge you about that and appreciate you bringing that up. I just couldn't really get to like urgency, right? Hey, so what I've really found to work best in these calls is first diving in to understand your business. If they don't have the resources, that's a condition, not an objection. It's when, when you chunk it down and you get very specific, you create doubt and all that stuff. So there we go. They're just not in the pocket. First week or two, we kind of do a little bit of that, and then we really hone it down. Don't coddle them and say, oh, it's okay, or, you know, oh, it's not that bad. Here's the thing. We're simply just adjusting the format in these three areas, okay? They're just going to go. He might not have money, so I financially qualify. Now, normally on a normal sales call, what I probably, because on a normal sales call, guys, I'm not thinking about, oh, goals for syntax, problem for syntax. OK, well, why, though? So that's the key guys. Well, how many leads did they generate last week, last month and so on and so forth? Ask yourself first, like what frames are you holding on the calls and which ones are you not holding? Saw your potential, looking to bring on some appointment setters. If we need to go there, right? You can't judge them, you can't go over the top and start coaching them a bunch in the middle of the conversation. Group joins is one of the best ones. And now you're saying that like, this isn't even a priority for you right now. Script them out by hand. Listen to it when you're exercising, when you're on a walk. Listen to those again, and again, and again. That can be easy as well. Gosh, um, that was definitely the holidays. So if they're off track, this is a great thing to use, and you can kind of like, I've said, sometimes you'll use let me pause you for a second like two or three times and you gotta use something different. So, like, if I was, because I sort of redid this for the purpose of this training, once we take this back to, like, cold traffic, I'm going to drill this so many times to where it'll be ingrained into, like, my being. So you'll have this again, you're not going to ask all of these questions on the call. So here, let me give you a different example. Let me know when you have five minutes. Now, once we know, okay, this is worth a consult, it's worth talking to the advisor, that should only take five, 10 minutes, then we're gonna use this transition language here, okay, so notice, we just wanna see if we can help the person, then we're gonna book them, okay, you're gonna see why in just a second, so we'll say something like, awesome, so look, I have a training for you that is definitely gonna help with what we talked about today, and while it's definitely good, it's not gonna be the magic bullet that is gonna get you like 500 grand a month tomorrow, so look, we have tons of clients in the real estate investing, coaching industry that are doing numbers, not just at 500 grand a month, but way bigger than that, and so independent, if you're interested in becoming a private client or not, what I'd really recommend from here is pairing you up with Mitchell, he's Cole's right-hand guy, works closely with the clients, some of our top seven-figure, even eight-figure sales teams, and he can show you some of the frameworks and methods our top guys are using to not just hit like 500 grand a month but a million a month and plus in the real estate info industry specifically, so is that call something you'd be open to? It's just like everything that I used to be, I don't even get to connect with that anymore. If you're a seven or below, you're either out at risk or out of pocket. Cause it's kind of fake, but aside from making sure, like, you know, I'm not going to take your money and head off to Mexico tomorrow. Because plus, that way, if you like, let's say you go into a slump, I can break you out of it that day, opposed to you having to wait like four to seven days until the next clinic you can attend. The greatest gift you can give to your team. We don't wanna do any interruption, just as a doctor would. Really, we're mainly gonna be in equal tonality. Homework. We just wanna stay neutral and let them sit in the pain, right, just don't judge, stay neutral, don't coddle, don't try to make them feel better. And I got nine people that were like, oh, you can come do sales for me. They're probably not gonna hit that, okay? We always wanna tie down that this is the right thing and now is the right time and make sure that, you know, spouse, partner, finances, timing aside, there isn't anything else that's keeping them from being less than 100% certain that this is the right thing, now is the right time, and it's what they need to get to whatever said outcome is. Well, is there anything else that you would change? I think this will help you guys a lot if you do this especially you know and I noticed you Sam like had kind of a Frankenstein script. I'm waiting for this menu to go away. So what I'm thinking about, like in a normal sales call, I would have went into all those questions. But like, you'll want to find ways where you can segue stuff. And then the investment is blank, right? Is $100,000 a month where you want to go? There was a good range of expression. But it worked in his economics of his business. It's a short training. The first one was a little bit more, gotcha, so you feel like this is really what you want to do, that all aside, like you feel like this is what you need to get to where you want to go. This is the most important frame and also the least talked about frame in influence and in sales, okay? You definitely can help. We work with people who are getting their first ad all the way up to like some of the best companies, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. If you're able to fix this, what would that do for you? It's not that big of a deal, but it's something I just know that I do every time, and it does make a difference, OK? So that should be, bi-weekly, should be the very, very bare minimum. Understanding if we send this many amount of messages or we do X amount of two-step posts or this many minutes of follow-up, that we're gonna get this many calls, make this many offers, and ultimately that's going to mean this many closes, right? I need to lose weight. This will help us temp for stuff like that before we get into our pitch. And every once in a while, I'll come into someone who's really like, but kind of combative about this, like, well, I don't want to tell you anything, just I just want to know what it costs. We tie it to another area, OK? But, you know, I'm kind of tied to my business in a way. And in tonality, it's kind of referred to as downward, equal, upward, right? Now, here's why that's a problem. But you can see how this is super logical. And it's basically, when you say you're gonna do something, you do it, right? These are the things not so much. I want your business to be the vehicle that provides you with the life that you really want to live. They're not even accurate data. So like The the landscape changed starting Monday So, I Would say that what I'm seeing this week in terms of challenges is that like what I what I'm think what I'm feeling mindset wise is like Is like man, it's like time to be a fucking warrior cuz like this is real there is a challenge here but it's like This isn't time like we can be soft when times are good and we can't be soft right now And it's it is I'm seeing like just there are still good apps coming in. That's what everybody else does. Well, why not though? Yeah, obviously zero. Actually, like really, it was a really good call and she got pretty emotional. You're getting those crystal clear, you're really widening the gap, so to speak, and then just inserting your offer into the middle. They start naturally and organically bringing up, oh my god, I tried this person in the past, and I got burned, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So I always do six deep breaths. Well, we'll keep rolling with this. So here's how it would look, gotcha. So the big thing here is, in the transition phase, there's different transitions I've learned over the years. So I'll wrap this up here, guys. So formula number one is feature, logical benefit, emotional benefit, and then optional consequence, OK? It's the six human needs. Right, so we wanna be well-paced in your tonality. So let's say I would've gotten sick and, you know, maybe the pitch I created, it wasn't hitting home and I had to make a lot of adjustments and then some people canceled. Is that helpful? Because then you can see, I just reviewed a call today, it was a fitness call, some guy's been yo-yoing up and down on his weight for 20 years, right? And if you're not doing meditation, I would highly, highly, highly recommend you start, because it's critical. And that, like, I mean, dude, when I was selling full-time, I would have loved to have somebody I could just hit up whenever I wanted to coach me after, like, a really shitty sales call. Okay, and ultimately, the whole goal with this is not just to get consistency and predictability in the real estate business, but get so much so to where you can get a buyer's agent on to where you're not doing all the transactions yourself, and you kind of step out so you can build more of a business opposed to a job, right? Hey, Jared again from closers.io. No, I'm not satisfied with that. This is Cole, just calling from the Remote Closing Academy, just about the appointment you scheduled with us at 3 p.m. central time, man. You say, why do you say that? They probably won't even go through it. And if you don't know the stuff in this week, guys, you could still miss the sale. And I see where they're coming from because it makes sense, the thought process of it, but it just always results in poor performance from what we've seen. I know these days, those free things you get, sometimes you lose them in the inbox and email is crazy these days. Like you literally did not care. So what we're going to do here is use what's called moral authority to bump them back into the pocket. That's about 20 K on ads. So this raises the prospect's level of certainty, because if you drop the investment and they don't know how the onboarding works, what the next steps are after here, what's the normal process, there's kind of just this black hole, like they're throwing their credit card out there into this black hole of uncertainty. Then at night, I plan tomorrow to day. Like once I have this system dialed in and I have one or two setters that is like crushing it with this system, and they have all of this down, all I got to do is spend more on ads, hire more setters, have the guys who are already setting very successfully, train those new setters, or my lead, train those new setters, and it just goes on. And while that thought process is good and valid, I know the intentions are good, a lot of those leads are just dead. Great, and then we're gonna ask our qualifying questions, and from here, we're gonna go from less invasive to more invasive, so we say, how long you been following so-and-so? Like for a while it was like we were just helping e-commerce companies and then like, I was like, I decided to broaden it out. It's because of how their culture and their environment is created, and how that culture and environment creates the intrinsic motivation and the pressure for people to innovate and do something great, okay? So, or group coaching is another great example. And this word-for-word formula, I don't know how much money it's generated, but I certainly know that it's in the eight figures, if not the multiple eight figures in revenues. You might do lead gen, but they might have hired a branding agency or a god knows what. Where do you want to go from here, all right? Let me repeat step number one. Now, before we actually get into the script, I just wanna make sure, one thing to know, and I should've probably put this in the last video, is that every single time you dial, you should double-dial, okay? As we went through before, there's introduction, information gathering, transition, pitch, the committing phase, the objections phase, right? Over the next 90 days, where do you want to be exactly? I mean, yeah, dude, to be honest, like, I really like it. So just keep in mind with VSL, it is very VSL dependent. So the only other thing I wanna cover, aside from that, is that we're not covering the triage call here. So I just do little stuff like that all the time. But long story short, you run an ad. Brian, this is Jake here. Okay, so I got, like that wasn't really all the background. But you work hard, you put in the work. And then there's certain things, and certain things you're going to see in here that you're going to want to go deeper on, and then sit in front of the computer, take notes, et cetera. So just whatever you think, like, would make sense for that. So you might have one of these, you might have all three, but typically, I mean, you don't wanna make the conversation more than three, because then you're gonna have a long conversation and really the sale is made, the sale is gonna hinge upon you being able to demonstrate you can solve usually just one to two core problems, right? Awesome, well, what did you like about that program that you tried? But anyways, your internal sales training process, it should look like as follows, okay, if you're a business owner. Yes, okay? So you see how that first pillar, it makes these other pillars irrelevant or ineffective unless you get that in place. Okay, it's going to look like this. And then what do you leave in the business, versus what do you pay yourself? I don't know why. Right now, just understand what you can understand, get through the content, and what I really recommend is it's important for you to learn it now, but don't put a lot of pressure on yourself if you don't totally understand it right at this second. It's all fluid. Sometimes, if it's the head of household, you know, it's a lot of times, and I'm not saying this because it's, you know, a man or woman thing, but, you know, sometimes, and I've had it be women, but, you know, let's say it's a man, and he's making $20,000 a month, and he's just the breadwinner, he's netting about, you know, seven to 10 after the expenses of the business, and the house, and all that, and it's just kind of a big investment, he just wants to let her know, you don't need to get her on the call, okay? I mean, usually they're like, dude, this is super good stuff, this is probably the most advanced stuff I've ever seen. I just massaged it a little bit to apply for this guy. So like, if you guys want some action steps, do the process map. This is framed in a much, much more safer, easier to answer way, okay? I'll hang up the phone. So we're going to cover this. So then you say as a salesperson, gotcha. So 20 out of 100. In like 20 minutes in a way that's smooth in a way. And if they ask, okay, well, what do you mean bandwidth? I do circle back to this cause I'm, I wrote it down in my notes. We drop the investment at the end. Or you could be the person who instead of making decisions out of their past failures and out of apprehension and out of fear, you make it out of faith, okay? Like, I could say that. So it's going to allow us to navigate the call and also not get lost. Now, the downside of buyers is that it's harder, it's more complex. And what's funny is like a lot of people refer to the place we're in now in terms of like business and everything, the post-trust era, which means that buyer's resistance is at an all-time high, sales resistance is at an all-time high, and that trust is dead. I like to kind of do vision last, so we end the information gathering phase on an excited note. So, it's harder to handle these. What's up, guys? Hey, is you already getting from Coordinates team? I've seen a million different opportunities. It's like, well, how are you going to get there then? So sometimes on the call, it might be easier to start off in, and this is going to be 5%, maybe 10% tops of people. You know, what are you doing? After you have consistent lead flow and you're closing consistently, the next thing you're gonna do is hire a sales rep. They're mainly going to get those through dials and texting. So I'm going to send that over to you and a dude, while that's definitely a good training, it's like, you know, a 60 minute video is not going to be the magic bullet. So. Like $1,500, 1,000 to 1,500. Well, no shit. And we wanna use silence to where we ask a question, or silent, then when they're done speaking, we wait a few seconds, typically like two to five seconds, depending on the prospect's cadence, to make sure they're really done speaking, and then we ask our next question. So, you can see, like, the one criteria, like, obviously, if they're at this point in the call, they don't hate me and want to get off the phone. How do you sort of circle back to what you spoke about on the call that they said that the spouse was supportive, but without sounding rude. Once you get these two things in place, you're going to be a good one call closer, 30% closing ratio. It's mainly generated around Facebook groups, but I mean, it's really good how you can use some small groups to get some big profits. Duh. Again, not to beat a dead drum here, but we'll cover that later in the training. All right, so typically offer to close, let's just say you typically do, you know, 40%, which is okay, okay? You know, it's like every time we've got dinner, it's me. Yeah, awesome. So for instance, if you're using a group, or if you're using the group funnel, which is a different subset of the training, you can still certainly call and text leads. The path of least resistance. What do you feel like is at stake with you right now? There's like the reason why they actually want to, you know, do the thing. It needs to provide quick results, or perceived quick results. There is a lot of sales training, or sorry, a lot of sales training, in the high-ticket world at least, was created in a time where getting on the phone to buy consulting was rare in the info world. In terms of how this is all fulfilled, the in-depth training platform will be something you have lifetime access to so that you can use it to train all your current sales reps as well as the ones you hire in the future. And then what are my intentions for tomorrow? So if you're going to do those two things, put in the work, raise your hand for help, then why isn't this going to work for you? They're going to be a player as opposed to people who are mishires and going to waste your time and money Is having a full pipeline to begin with so you're making decisions out of a place of sales abundance opposed to self-scarcity So let's because of that let's take an inventory on your pipeline right now just last week How many new sales reps potential candidates for your position did you talk to exactly Okay, so you guys see like what do you think knowing most entrepreneurs what do you think guys they're going to say to that question
Usually zero, right? Did you have other stuff? That was what I just did there. So I'm creating a little bit of dialogue and buy-in to the pitch to make sure he's totally bought in on this thing, okay? So what are we looking for in this section? And so you're going to really slow down your tempo here. You've been burned, and you're still out there looking for solutions. So I'm, I'm worried about, you know, will I be able to fulfill my, you know, fill my pipeline up if the iron's hot, I got to go strike it and, um, you know, doing whatever it takes to get on the phone and close another deal, you know, it works, but I just don't have any time. So like even now, I have like a Dropbox folder of all the people I've ever helped and who've reached out to me and thanked me for a variety of different things. So you're the bottleneck. Like, so don't say that come up with something that's a little bit less condescending, but you know, just whenever you want, whenever they're like giving you very general stuff, what you can do is just be like, dude, and just stay grounded. If this question does not give you the two outcomes we're looking for, outcome A or outcome B or both, we want to use this duplicate here, okay? The key distinctions of this is, and this isn't necessarily, you know, required, okay? Or where they want to go. If we don't know what we're shooting for, there's no way for us to be able to get there and create that target. Cause that term kind of gives a little bit of a newness opposed to more of the same, okay? So basically you were doing it this way for however long, like dude. And you're gonna keep your sanity because you're not going through these crazy ups and downs all the time. And that's really where your vision needs to be aligned. I actually learned this from Brad Newman, so I just want to give credit where credit is due. Let me think about that. Cole here. So, anyhow, what we're going to cover is how to properly elicit the desired situation for the prospect because most, I mean, I'm not even going to say most times, pretty much 95% of the time, 99% of the time, I don't see anybody doing this right, unless they're a client of mine. And we kinda get into that. So I already talked about that. But what's probably 10 to 20 times more important is cultivating an environment and a team culture that creates intrinsic motivation for salespeople so that they want to do massive amounts of follow-up, okay? I'm going to start to speed this up, guys. Or in the case of, like, if you have an agency or a two-call close process, it might be the queue call, okay? So that was Ninja. So, you know, opposed to just throwing you something that's cookie cutter, I think what probably would make most sense is, let me just get some context on what's going on with lead gen stuff exactly and what you're trying to do, and then based on that, I can pair you up with something that's relevant and useful for you. Have you ever had a coach before? You've never had a coach? Now, why do you want to do that? Let's talk about willingness, which if they don't have the willingness, that really means they don't, there's not enough cost, right? They want this desired state, but the buying pocket is why they're going to buy it from us specifically. So one of these, or even cost, will start to come up as we get deeper into this stuff. That'd be me screwing up if I didn't do that. I want you to be honest on this call. Then we widen the gap and create doubt. So what I just removed there was I've tried something similar to this in the past. Closing rate should match the actual VSL or exceed it. Dude, one of the best thing about agency services, especially the way we teach because we're going after big e-commerce brands is that you can charge 10K for a 90 day engagement with a client. If you think about Alabama and how Nick Saban runs his team, kind of the same way. I mean, you just got done telling me that, you know, you want to impact a million people, travel the world, retire your husband, and, you know, maybe even potentially start a nonprofit. This is the majority of your quote, unquote, pitch, OK? That's people who are at, so we need to take it from two, which is where we're at now to a month, to 13 of those a week, 50 of those a year. OK. Like, what is your goal body? Like, to be honest, like, I've sunk a bunch of money into dumb stuff, like, trying to run a dropshipping store. You're kind of like him, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like let's say you're making 20 grand a month, but your goal is really only 10. So, the reason I tell you that's not to, like, try to impress you with, you know, my track record or anything, but more so just to show you, like, the journey that you're about to embark on is really the same one I've done myself, and, you know, I can help you really eliminate a lot of the trial and error I went through and get you to where I've gotten a lot faster, given you're committed to it, you know what I mean? I should have just said, gotcha. Why is that important to you now, though? Because we want them to make a decision now. What do you think was missing for you specifically? So keep the information gathering phase only the questions and go deeper and deeper and deeper based on what the prospect's saying. And this, I mean, I would resort probably to this one first. So you know, you're just going to have a balanced cadence when you're talking to an auditory. What do you recommend? Like, again, we don't want to do some drawn out, crazy recap that just reminds the person we're a salesperson and is just a big performance, okay? And if so, you're going to want to continue with this. So that's a bonus with outbound prospecting. What's your email? We're not really doing this four-second redirect anymore. I mean, you can ask that and that can work, man. And so you'll see in a second of why because I'll show you the syntax here. So this week's curriculum is as follows. So ask as if you're thinking about it, but, uh, yeah, man. Another thing is overcomplicating it, okay? When I first taught this in the first version of the course, people would just really focus on making their names super fancy, right? And we're for them spending anything less than a hundred grand a day is like peanuts. Does he know about us? I can take 60 seconds just to do this routine, okay? Now, we're also gonna be twice a week for a sales clinic where we'll take what's in the training and make sure it's applied to your specific situation, offer and role play it to where we can really cement it in. Should be week two, sales process part one, rapport, okay? And then compare and contrast that with what you're offering and why it's a better fit. So is what they're saying coming from thousands of hours of experience in the trenches, and truly being the best in the world at the topic at hand, or is what they're saying just very shallow? So this would be an example of seven FSAs. Now let's get into explaining the pillars, OK? So you see, I just went from this one to boom. I just showed you end of day. Okay, so suppose we take you in, we build that out for you. I mean, you know, they're going to start to realize they don't have everything figured out. I think it's gonna really help you get to the ground running. So here's the thing. When he comes into a lot of situations because of his label as a plastic surgeon, he has a lot of influence, right? And then ascension, OK? But I want to show you guys, obviously, as your teacher in this course, I want to show you guys perfection, right? I did with Mike Renard in the free group. Like, you can see in this call, he's picking up what I'm putting down. Well with MDRs, we found with a lot of lead flow coming in, texting is the best way to sift through all the opportunities and find the leads that are hottest as fast as possible. So just some tips here. Should make it super clear, super simple on how to go from current situation to desired situation. So, first thing first, in the email, you're gonna get. Okay, so like some fake laughs there. You know, that is kind of surface level. That's what's going to make it powerful and make them really think about this. I mean, what is your plan if things stay the same over the next three to five years? But next week, so you guys thought this was, this was a little bit better of a structure of a group call than what we've been doing, just general Q&A. Another one, which people don't talk about as much, but it's probably just even more important, is problem linking. I don't know why I didn't do that. I want people asking questions. We're like, who wants to stay with that? Here's where a lot of our salesmanship is gonna come in, okay? Then for your weight loss offer, you know if they're a nurse, a PA, or a doctor, or something like that, they're at least probably making $80,000 a year, if not more, which they can basically do it. And then what happens is, if you're worried about, well, is that appointment going to be quality? And if we're uncertain on the inside, and that's coming across in our tonality, it doesn't matter if we say the perfect thing, we're gonna transfer that onto somebody else, okay? So now we have the mistake, the problem, the reason why the problem is a problem, which ultimately means the ultimate consequences of the problem, okay? Now, I'm just gonna, you know, I put this here like you have multiple products. I don't need them to tell me that. Are you, you know, making decisions that aren't have you made a decision yet that you're like, God, that was a stupid decision. I know that example is really common in sales, but it's a really good example. I never had that. We do this through chunking down and a lot of times, especially with ROI offers, you're going to ask some financial questions here, right? This is kind of an important distinction here because, sure, you might ask, what coaching programs have you been in the past? So you tie that down. So when you learn an advanced pitching system like this, the issue is is that people like to pendulum swing and do it too far, and then all of a sudden it's like this crazy, clunky script, and it's so hard to follow, and it's just a mess, OK? They have a 450 credit score, $750 in the bank and only 500, you know, coming in next month. You've done this, been trying to do this for a year. We always tie down twice. And it was necessary coaching, like I mean, you do need to do that, but the issue is when you do it in the information gathering phase, you sacrifice the depth that can come from asking the right questions in this part of the call. So that's the best route for that. You'll see the next demonstration, me actually doing that step-by-step-by-step, OK? You had the support that you needed, but just you didn't show up and do the work. So remember, the first thing we want to do is get them certain. If that's the case, would we work together right now? Because if you get them on the call with that type of leverage, that it's been three months and nothing has changed, they're gonna close, guys, okay? And it's kind of tough because you really need to expand that goal up to get them able to be able to invest into a $10,000 program, for instance. But most of these, you're just like, OK, I know what those are. I mean like give me a big number for like the last two months. This was actually in November of 2020, so it was right during the election. Let me pause you for a second here. And it's true. So what's going to happen is you're going to get people migrating to the group on a weekly basis because they want to watch the live stream. We're going to move on. So I've been selling before with a prior company I had, but four to five months into doing it full time, taking six calls a day every single day, in an NLP training that I was in, I discovered something called the belief ladder. And then the last thing we're going to cover is specific scripting and examples on different pain questions and how and when they use them, okay? Okay, I used to sell a program that was kind of a one-on-one group coaching hybrid, but it was a very well-known program in the space. So there's four parts to this and we're going to go into each of these part by part in just a second. I wasn't doing this for them, because like they're already kind of aligned with that belief, right? So here's some questions you can start with. You do not want a five, 10-minute routine here because you're not gonna do it, especially if you have five, six calls a day every single day. And for salespeople out there, what I really want you to think about is becoming an expert in your prospect's problems. Then we want to attach numbers to the problem, okay? You want to be the prospect that you want to attract, okay? So either way, you're gonna get a clarification there. It's like, you want to create the distinction in your mind and then just present that distinction in a way that's not going to be like abrasive or anything. So this is kind of how the math shakes out. Right, it tells me she's, it's not an issue. You're nodding your head, so. Anytime we're letting her know, 99%, deposit, dude, deposit. Well, I mean, does he think this is the biggest challenge in your business too? This is what you got to deal with with BizOp is that there's all these different opportunities. I guess it'd be my decision. That eliminates the whole, like, you know, am I going to be able to get support? But was this based on the way we've been
doing calls. Oh shoot. I mean, how long have you been, and this is kind of getting into cost questions. Are you walking the walk, or are you talking the talk? They don't buy your company, your brand, your testimonials, any of that stuff, OK? Like, I just hate, hate my manager, hate dealing with like that whole ecosystem. So again, this is always good to have up so we can see where we are and how that fits into the other parts of the call, all right? I see all the time, rather, it's really two reasons, either one, you're an expert at what you do, you've had thousands of these conversations, so you kind of already know the answer to the question so you don't ask it to save time or you think that the prospect's not gonna think you're an expert if you do ask it, whatever, so that's one reason. You'll see here that I said it's kind of like reverse engineering the sale. So he says 9.5. I say, well, look, there's nothing 100% certain in life, period. So I'm talking about high-level outcome, what we're gonna get done, benefits associated with that, linking the benefits. And if you're doing that, I'll point it out in your call reviews. Because remember, sometimes we outbound call and we have to set a triage call because they don't have time to go through the triage right now and or maybe we're messaging somebody we can set a triage call there. I followed it far too strictly. I've kind of beat that to hell, so let's move on. But how that affects other areas of their life. What if your situation gets even worse? But salesperson says, gotcha. Notice the common theme. But she was like, yeah, but it's still like I'm not comfortable. I just want to took what he said and went deeper. And this is a little bit of problem linking right here. Well, how are you generating leads right now? There was good pauses and I was emphasizing certain things and my tonality was changing. I think that if you do this right, you can have actually mediocre salespeople and they'll still crush, because they know how to present the offer in a way that's extremely powerful. But this was just like an easy one for me to change it to, and it's better than group coaching call, right? Why is that important? And so it's like, they're like, why, why make a goal to do advertising? So what I'll do is I'll ask, how long has this been going on? And we're gonna go through a chart here and you're gonna see what I mean by like how after doing this week after week, I mean for, I was doing this for years, how it becomes to the point where you're so accurate, okay? There is gonna be time where you're gonna be like confused and you're asking a question to become more certain about something that you don't know about. Kind of like, well, what are you trying to do to get clients now? Doesn't mean they couldn't do it on their own, they're just smart people and they know that they don't want to recreate the wheel, they want to get there faster. So a great example of this, like a lack of hedging, and this is like a dumb example, but this has actually happened, okay? So suppose we invite you in, and we show you how to fix X without Y. So it's like, I'm going to pass on that one. So this is really, it's not necessarily the belief that they can't do it on their own. And in this video, we are going to overview the entire sales process. So, clarifying questions are basically, when the prospect asks us a question about our offer, what we're first going to do is ask a clarifying question before we answer. I'm kinda talking fast on this training, but we wanna have a good pace. I love this line, your vision and your reasons aren't inspiring to me at all. Basically there's two parts to this doc. Like, I've done all this stuff and I still have fallen into ruts. And basically, that is, hey, can I ask you a personal question? I just did this right off the fly. So if they reference maybe a video that's after this or before this or whatever, and it kinda seems out of order, that's why, okay? So we're going to do an example breakdown role play of the financial objection. So we've all had times where, and this might be 1 out of 20 prospects, 1 out of 30 prospects. Okay, so first let's talk about the certainty of the person communicating the ideas, okay? And even more specifically, the current situation versus the desired situation. I mean, I can probably just sit here and do most of it myself based on what you were telling me, but is there any way you could take like an extra minute or two to just help me out so I can fill this thing out? Instead of saying no, that's not something we do a lot of. So do you feel like it's a breakdown in your sales process? He does it because he believes that the police officer has moral authority and that he has his best interest at heart, all right? Do you want to qualify him? So that's, that's part of the problem. Tie down again. So these are similar to, like, the death questions that we asked, here we go, up here. The main thing is the delivery, okay? You're going to do this no matter what objection you get. If you project five, you must hit five. But I go through this entire thing, and kind of explain to you what I'm doing and why I'm doing it, based on how it's written out. Oh, you know, I'm just trying to challenge myself right now. Usually that's one of the biggest wins people have in the entire program when they do that. I taught the super basic, the basic, and the advanced, okay? And there's no end to problem linking. We really want like a minimum two per day. We're very much and still the shock phase and I know again I don't think this is necessarily going away and there might be stuff that builds up and you know might even get worse in some cases But at the same time people are gonna kind of start to get used to You know for however long it's gonna be right so that shocks gonna go away and people will naturally kind of gravitate to What the F am I gonna do? If you're an eight or above, I would say you're in pocket. It's like, oh, yeah, we've had 500 no shows in the past three years. It's like solution questions over, like we're done, you know? If they've been struggling with this for two years, they haven't tried anything in the past at all to fix their lead generation, you might want to check if they've tried anything in the past that's similar to what you might have to offer, like if they've had any other coaches. Like, they're always moving towards something opposed to a way. Setter KPIs for the VSL funnel, which gives lead flow and like how many sets a day, how many close. I know the seeding thing that I talked about, I have never heard anybody else talk about that. You'll get the whole gamut of stuff with this. Obviously, if you're able to do that, you'll keep any sales position that you have, but at the same time, it's gonna give you the foundations to not just make six figures in commissions, but if you work hard, again, if you put in the work, really have everything you need to make multiple six figure a month, not a month, commissions or more. So again, you kinda wanna let this come up organically in the conversation, okay? So that being said, like scale it one to 10. They want to build a coaching program or a coaching business. You're going to do amazing. Oh, okay. So what are the two emotions? And it worked for me really well. Now, vision, okay? And that's $2 million that didn't cost that company any additional ad spend to generate. That's an easy segue in the cost. So let's talk about first the moral authority frame, okay? Like I'm like, what exactly it is like you guys do? And I get you're probably thinking, well, why does that even matter? It just chunked right down. So I'm going to say, okay, well, why that number, right? What was the worst part about that? This means of people who answered the phone, answered the phone. You're getting permission. I mean, is she even supportive of you doing this business or does she want you to quit now? Now let me be very clear. But believe me, people complain about their setting team's not working. That's what I do to get through insane amounts of content myself, and that'll be so big for your personal development. We wanna create dialogue, all right? So you'll see how I kind of start with the formula almost and make it my own. Like they, they really avoid it at all costs and they'll actually change the subject. So one, two punch. And then the later ones are the next logical problems. So it's one of the first, I think, four to five videos in week two of SDA 2.0. So make sure you watch that video on curated opportunity volume and you understand that, because if you don't do it, it's not going to work. I got a great question. This one's like, I mean at this point, if you didn't get here to where you have to use this, this might not even be somebody that you want to work with. Like 10. And I always like to do this just to show you where we're at, guys. So I would also ask about this. This is going to be a little bit of theory and how to think about objections. Now, do you wanna be in this situation? Then it's like, we're, we're digging into the Valley. Your dream body, your dream physique, describe that to me in detail. But that's what we're going to roll with. How does that compare to the year? And then I'd say to them that our service is done with you and not coaching, because coaching kind of was a bad trigger term for them. And so, yeah, I just like, I'm very conscientious of like when I do leave my job, it's gonna be cause like, like it makes logical sense, right? I should have went next steps here. Would your partner be involved in the strategy implementation as well? No, they probably didn't know how to answer that question. And a lot of times when you're in this state, which is very like kind of a flow state almost, you're at ease and like resolve, you even have that lighter sense of humor. So you can do this. It helps the prospect will sense that, they'll sense you're not nervous, they'll sense your calm sense of certainty or poison, they'll lower the defenses. Easiest example is if you're walking down the sidewalk and a police officer just walks up to you and flashes his badge and says, get off the sidewalk now. Do you feel like that's 100% clear? Well, here's how you do it, okay? So same thing you would do if this came up in discovery or a information gathering, the same exact thing you would do is like, if somebody's like, oh my God, I got burned in a program, well, I mean, well, tell me more about that, right? Oh, OK. And then also, if you like this training, you should also hop in our free Facebook group. And I mean, so did you get any support at all in that program? We need to kind of have a little bit of a different process to take that person from sort of, they raised their hand, but they weren't necessarily interested to interested. It's like we're at the bottom of the pain. So I don't know what your bandwidth is like right now. Can you accept that really quickly? So I think the best way to do it is to pitch them, like get them bought in that this is the right thing, now's the right time, and then do the open wallet to really see if they have the money. They're going to say, especially beginners, oh, like, yeah, it's net. I've just found the opt-ins work just as well, so why add the added complexity of low ticket? Then once they have the leads, they got to fulfill and all the leads. And then they're going to start to tell you what they would change about it because nobody's a hundred percent satisfied with what they have. This has some good questions, but I wouldn't transition out this way anymore. So the real question is who do you want to be and how do you want to show up moving forward, especially with all this stuff that's going on right now? And then, what would getting to blank mean to you personally, okay? So the beginning of every month, like in the beginning of November, we wanna set the first, second, third, fourth week of November, okay? Moving on. That's your business opportunity. Right, neutral language, just neutral tonality. And this is actually how I make sure that these syntaxes get executed in a very free flow, natural way that doesn't seem scripted at all. That's it for this training. Okay, so you see what I just did there. I actually had to call yesterday, so I'm gonna put that link here when it's done. Once your business gets to that point, and you're getting about five qualified appointments a day, I mean, where would you like to be in terms of revenues with lead generation like that? So, and you know, you got to kind of gauge it like, you know, when they have a reason strong enough to where like you have what you need, right. Gotcha, okay, and in the afternoon, does 2 p.m. or 4 p.m. PST work better for you exactly on Friday? So it would go something like this. So this isn't a bad one. Right now, our business is on pace for about $500,000 a month this month, and I have over 50 clients who are at seven figures, multiple seven figures, or even eight figures plus in revenue. And then I'd say, and let me just add that like the biggest, I know that like, you don't want this to be a burden, but the biggest burden is you going through six figures worth of tuition coming out on the other end, not being well equipped to be able to get a job, letting your parents down or having nothing to show for it and letting your parents down. He can barely pick up the phone, and he's stuttering all over the place. So I just got like non-monetary goals. I don't like to get into the weeds. It doesn't need to be like this whole him and haul and whatever, and you kind of talk about what he said, then you say something else, and you say, oh yeah, and by the way, how are you generating leads? Well, what's really important to us is alignment and expectations, meaning that you and your partner are not just clear on what the problem is, but also what the solution needs to be to that problem. So this just reinforces, like, that the support is going to be on point and that it's good. Most times, the answer is no, okay? I'd be like, dude, we'll split it 50-50, you close it, okay? What have you tried in the past to fix this, if anything? Appreciate you guys. Then we're gonna go into more of a free flow, understanding the problem phase, okay? And sometimes you'll get there, like, especially when you ask it like this, guys, you, the answers you're going to get to why now, why not stay where you are is so much better, like way better. Welcome to week three, intro and discovery, okay? Oh, I've been trying this. Reason I call it support is because really at the end of the day, what you're seeing is that the people around them, close to them in their lives, are gonna support them potentially in making this decision to work with you. I had two. And when you do it that way, it becomes very consultative and just natural, and it's almost just as if you're just telling them that to help them understand what you said better. So, like even mine, like I need to get better at mine, because this is a new offer for me, I've only pitched it 10 times to you guys. How would that make them feel? Obviously, while it's like definitely good, it's, you know, 30 minutes watching a video is not gonna be the magic bullet that's gonna get you to 300K a year tomorrow, right? So like right now, ultimately, what's the goal? Yeah, it does make sense. So why do we ask this where we ask it? So, in my marketing, if I say this, is it more powerful than I say this, or is it the other way around, right? Doing a client interview, a testimonial, stuff like that, okay? So knowing that, then you can position your stuff differently around it. So, that is it for the texting. So I was teaching all of these fitness people who were helping people lose weight and et cetera and I was helping them with their sales conversations and a big problem I'd always run into is that these guys would never ask the prospects what their current weight was and what their goal weight was. These are things that you're gonna wanna think about before you actually pick up the phone and dial the prospect and start the call. And also, it's more of a culture thing to call them as fast as possible, right? Now, I did include this twice. It's gonna be usually due to the quality of the people that you're speaking with. How many of those did you close? So ultimately if you're able to finally get off sales calls, reclaim your time, open up your calendar and have two to three sales reps converting at the level that you're at right now, what do you feel like that opens you up to do next in your business? It could be the real reason, or it could be a surface level reason. So you're doing it exactly like this. So I'm actually gonna have to pause this video, and then change the audio, because I'm walking through a headset, one second. And we were doing this on ice cold traffic, people who two days before had no idea who we were. So that's where we're gonna train on it, okay? So independent, if you're interested in becoming a private client or not, I can pair you up with Mitchell. It's best when you found out what the challenge is and also what it's keeping them from achieving. We'll talk more about that in a little bit. Um, you know, if they give a real empathetic and response, like you might get this in weight loss. Either A, they haven't tried anything, great. And now, we're already right in here, OK? Now again, this is our end-to-end sales process flow here. We're going to work on this through the next eight weeks, so we'll be okay. So what I started to do is I started to save all of my coaching for the transition phase of the call. OK, well, if I'm going to be honest, your vision and your reasons aren't inspiring to me at all. I would lie to myself that I wasn't in a rut and stay in a rut longer than I should've. I just want to get an idea of where you're at financially. So, these are great things you can do in terms of asset creation to engineer momentum, and at the same time, that gave my salespeople all of this fodder to, you know, knock in deals they've been working for a long time, get people, you know, even get new leads back on the calendar, so on and so forth, okay? So why do we do it? And I'm telling you, you gotta master this stuff and make it a practice. You know, same thing. He kept polling all of the people who were buying. So the rule of thumb we found to work really, really well, and this can be different for every company, but this is a great baseline in which you can start from and then test either way, is 500 to 800 low ticket buyers or opt-in leads per month per setter. So, so you need, you need a solid guy who can actually take the calls and close as well as you are. So, but I kind of let my guys do whatever they want. Look, I mean, if you look at the most successful people in the world, they have one thing in common. What's up guys, Cole here and welcome back to the training. Here's like one more chance that we can do. I think that I was basing this off of what we were doing last year with our B to B. One, if your message is the same as everybody else, then you're basically just shouting from a crowd and nothing about you makes you stand out, okay? So I just want to make sure that like this is something that you could even commit to your, you have the bandwidth to be able to work with us on right now. There's basically seven beliefs your prospect needs to have to buy, which also means there's seven reasons why your prospect does not buy. Make sense, right? Super simple example here of what I mean. Your pitch should be the simultaneous explanation of why everything they tried in the past has failed and why this is going to be different, OK? So you're building your email list. So then you could kind of transition, like, use a story here. But you want them to have full ownership and buy-in to their own projections, right? And what is the process? This one, what we're doing, biggest mistake, here's why this is a problem, okay? As always, I probably say this in every week, draw out loud like 50 times plus any time you can come across something new and then role play it with your partners, with your sales team members, 30 to 60 minutes daily in the morning meetings. When it comes to getting help, what exactly do you feel like you need at this point? All right, based on your scores, what's missing? The next video will be on the cost questions, which is probably the most important training in week three. And, you know, a lot of times if they're, you know, doing laundry, they're walking outside, they're, you know, whatever it is. Was it done for you, like they were doing it for you? Now, here's an example. And I personally, like, I'm a very roll up my sleeves and get in the trenches dirty and do whatever we need in our business to scale. So they might say, oh yeah, man, I'm running Facebook ads and I'm getting about five leads a day and it's great. Let's get specific here. What was the difference between what was promised to you and what you actually got? Like, ask your question and then shut up, pause, do not make a sound, okay? Class, amazing book. All right, so I'm not saying- Acknowledge. Prospects aren't buying just the surface level, they're also buying the emotional level. Because really the sales process that you use for both is exactly the same. After all of that, after spending six figures in two years, trying five to seven different programs that haven't worked, I mean, curious, but what, what has you keeping on keeping up? People weren't trying to drive traffic to strategy sessions. Now, when I talk about information, yes, I mean like reading a book is information, okay? Now, we're dedicating an entire week to this because it's that important, but just some primers here and some previews is that it needs to be new, or it needs to feel new to the prospect. Especially the main one is going to bed on time and waking up on time. Now, the other thing about that as well is that you lead in with some value, then you're getting the conversation started on Messenger, and then we're gonna dovetail that back into, hey, well, how are you coming on the lead gen side of things? We have two parts to that, triage calls, and then we're going to be going through an example breakdown. Let me know if you have questions, and I'll see you in the next training. So basically, this is after you state the delivery and before you either enroll the prospect or handle objections. Or maybe they have ego and they don't think they have a problem. um You know bringing on potentially the sales rep Okay zero what about the week before One what about the week before that one Gotcha okay and then So, you know three and then we want to move on to a doubt question, right? Uh, interview is prime one. Oh, wow, OK, so you were doing about $25,000 a month. But then that way, we can make sure we're withholding the efficiency on the closer's calendar and we're not putting crap on there. What does your wife think about that, right? Best case, you're already on an offer. Okay, and I always kind of like, this is sometimes will come off as an obvious, stupidly obvious question. Just remember, all of this stuff, if it sounds scripted, it sounds clunky, it sounds robotic, you lose, OK? This is going to use all of your not prime time for the older leads in the system so that we can get that touchpoint up to six. Just assumed close, man. Number one, it's an opportunity generated on a near daily basis or a daily basis. So Oren Klaff who wrote Pitch Anything made this, he kind of popularized this idea of frames but what you have to know is that the stronger frame will collapse the weaker frame and the person who owns the frame in the context of any situation is going to influence the other people or have the most influence on the other person's behavior. But the funny thing is if you asked me what freedom meant versus one of my mentors, what freedom meant to him, you would get two entirely different responses. I use that question all the time. We don't wanna, like, make them feel like shit and, you know, be like, oh, yeah, you know, you should be ashamed of yourself, okay? Why do you think that is? That's $2 million just from follow up. I'm not condoning you're gonna scream or yell at your prospects or, you know, do anything that you're seeing on the debates nowadays. The prospect's like, oh, okay, that's cool. So the purpose of this is to get the clients associated with the result, not the process, OK? And I gave you already some cost and paying questions here. And if you type in those words, you're going to see nothing, right? Also better with permission. Now, if they say no, you want to use this. For instance, it even takes about 30 calls to see if the closers, what the closers true percentage is and if they're any good. And then having spent six figures with nothing to show for it. So it doesn't put you in sales frame at all, and that's pretty good. Started like raising his voice and just getting kind of hostile and I was just like, all right, whatever like I'm just gonna let this guy go So that's yeah, man, it's been a rough month Well a couple things man. Oh, I had four. And if he's really associated with that, then 3k might just be a drop in the ocean. You're the technician right now. And are you going to hit projections this week slash month? He has a lack of significance because he doesn't feel like he's being a provider at home and he's making less than his peers, right? And so really the whole entire training, if you can see on the side, all we're going to do is we're just going to break down each stream and the SOP of what the setter does to capitalize on that to turn it into a lead. External pressure is being pressured to do something for somebody else's reasons. One of the first mentors I had who was a female closer, she had a really, really good balance between the both of these energies and she was amazing. And what happens because of that is the reason why the problem's a problem, okay? Like, I just wanna know if, like, they have a problem we can solve. And I didn't wanna do that. The process per problem is really all you need. If you're not doing this, you're just guessing. So just scaling the team out. So is that something you have the bandwidth to be able to implement right now? OK, I think there's kind of, I might need to go back and change this, because this didn't read off as well as I wanted it to. Now, the reason why this is a problem is twofold. It's just, oh, yeah, man, pull it up, it's pretty cool. That is it for this training. It's so, so much more profitable than trying to do the whole one-call close, not that one-call closing is bad, but like, you know, the one-call, 48 hours, click to close, one-call close, or we're never gonna, you know, you're dead to me forever, right? Within each phase, there are certain parts. I have a separate one that's end of week. You gotta have more than 10 in a month. It would do that. So you see how, what I did right there, is I said, thoughts on that, he said, for sure. Did you talk to in terms of? What if it didn't work out for you? Like, I went from, you know, being the top closer on this one company, making about 150 grand a year, and then boom, you know, three, 400 just because I was like, just, I was, you know, selling a better offer. Is she supportive? This is basically our like getting off the phones, recruit, hire, and train a sales team to where we recruit and give them sell drops for, right. Week six, we hit prospecting. Nothing, I mean, all of these are like common sense. And resources is time slash money. I agree. And then the last thing here is we want to establish clear data points for their current situation in this part of the call. You know, everybody out there nowadays, especially with social media, they're just spewing, you know, personal development stuff all day, every day, okay? This is why when a sales rep is in a rut, one of the first things I do is ask how the routines are doing. So really excited for this week or for you to go through this week of training. That's it to be able to hit that goal. You have to really dig into those strategies, chunk it down and ask doubt questions and also establish doubt around future problems. It's basically the same thing. So I'm not saying that this doesn't work, what I am saying is that it's good, better and best and in my experience taking a lot, a lot, like thousands of freaking sales calls and testing both of these, this first example works way better, so that's the way I teach it. So, you can only put out into the world that in which some time you have taken in in the form of information, okay? Gotcha. I mean, like based off of like what I saw from you guys, I would say the biggest thing is just like an uptake in income potential. And your setters are going to text them predominantly. I know it's a setter call right here. So in that case, we got to get them on the phone, okay? You're gonna transfer that energy to somebody on the phone. It's designed to help you create what I just read to you, OK? You really want to focus on that. You know, like you were talking about Christmas. So what if you're not hitting projections, though? It's really effective. If it's just a week or a couple of days, that's natural. Or how familiar are you with, you know, what high ticket closing is and how it works? So if you get him a sales rep, you can ramp up sales calls, but then can you really even fulfill all the work? I'm also linking the benefits. If they say yes, then the obvious question is, well, why are you stuck? We'll see you guys in the group. It's pretty self-explanatory and you'll be able to take either of these or both of these and tailor it to your offer pretty simply. You're going to want to go through this video regardless. So that's my narcissistic, about me section of why you should listen to this. So, a few practical tips on improving this. So let's say even then they're like, not, they're still being kind of closed off. Maybe on the call you ask him, take me back to the day where you, you know, drew the line in the sand and decided that it was time to move out of the nine to five rat race, like, what was that like? And really at the end of the day, you should just care that they're hitting their numbers. You know, I'm curious, but why all of a sudden is this something that's important to transition out of right now? We're going to talk about how to get support and then the curriculum overview. Great, talk then. Now, let's go through examples of what a curated opportunity is. Great, OK, well, why now, though? So you can use these questions. Was it a done with you, whereas a little bit of a blend of that? What's the biggest reason you're not already there? Like, you know, people are giving you, if you have a financial ROI offer, and it's five to 10K, in my experience, 20 grand a month's enough, 25 grand a month's enough. So they would send here and then they would type another message. It's kind of a small distinction here. We're gonna go into pitching, just the introductory towards the pitching phase and how to pitch. And consistently does at least, you know, now he does a lot more than that, but for the months after that, was at least doing like over 100K, 200K a month afterwards. You have kids. If, if it's never actually mentioned, I don't go into it. But with something like fitness, somebody might know they have a problem in fitness, with their health and fitness, for whatever reason, know it's costing them a lot, know they need to change right now, OK? So was all that stuff kind of falling in that category or did you get any specific help of like, Hey, we're going to recruit some reps where you get you up the phone and scale it. Otherwise, we're just guessing. The investment to get you to 20 grand a month, or 240K a year is just 6,800, and then you shut up, okay? Because you've been trying to do all these different opportunities like Amazon and e-commerce and agency and all of the stuff, right? So, and what I found in is, you know, there's a lot of different sales trainings out there, some good, some bad. She told you, look, a hundred percent, whatever you want to do, Brian, I'm a hundred percent supportive with whatever decision you want to go with this. Think about an actor. Um, and also what's important is that when you come on the call with this frame, you have to really, really hold it strong and believe that your process, your belief, your frame on what the proper process is, is stronger than their frame. Which pivots to the next obvious question, or the next answer, which is the golden answer of, oh, I haven't made any progress, which is what you want, right? Live calls. So let's kind of work this out for a second here and reverse engineer exactly how many leads we're going to need a week, because that's going to tell us exactly what we need to be able to do with your marketing. Oh, dude, it's like, blah, blah, blah, blah. Now, I'm just curious, like, what do you know about us? Yep, permission. So are they hedging? It's talking about what I'm gonna do with the person, but it's very high level. So they're getting a notification that a new lead's coming in, that's really key. And you could say it every single day, three, four, five times, you know, like flashcards, whatever you want to do. So we're going over trust questions, trust questions, and getting a temp check on trust and then transitioning out of the information and gathering phase. So I'm gonna teach you two syntaxes. And then I usually say, any questions for me before we hop off? So I talked about that. That's what a lot of sales pitches are on the phone now. Scripting is pretty easy. And I would have showed them the path to their goals. And real quick, I'm curious about the group coaching. Like, they know who you are. It's not usually an issue, but I think what you shared was really helpful and it's going to help me do it better. So suppose we invite you and we show you how to fix X without Y. Same thing if you feel like you're not gonna get a decision on the first call because of lack of trust. Cool, man. We want to get them certain that this is the right thing. Like, you know, I've had people on sales calls basically say everything to me. And I love the hundred percent in, because it's just, it's an absolute statement to where if there's any ounce of uncertainty, we got to like pry that out and then handle it. All righty, that's it, guys. If we just got our clients better results and the marketing would take care of itself, right? How many sets are we gonna attempt? I've kind of said this, but one of the things I always, if I coach somebody who's struggling on tonality, one of the things that I really, really, really try to hammer into them is that you should have this vibe that you've done this 1,000 fucking times, this problem is your bitch, and you know exactly what the fuck you're talking about, okay, and I'm even cursing here, just really like drive that point home of how certain you need to be. You're gonna learn that in this video, and if you wanna be really ambitious, and you wanna do the pre-pitch, or you just wanna kind of understand more advanced NLP and language patterns and some cool stuff, go watch that video. It's not gonna be the sexy tactical stuff, and we'll get to that, but this stuff is absolutely critical. So it's not getting us as much in the sales frame. And he thinks that his main problem is time. So you can go on and say some other stuff here, but does that help? Typically, we're going to be asking our probing questions. Now, as you get higher prices for buyers, this number can probably go down, okay. So kind of rambling there, but you can, you know, the way I do those things is when I have something come up on the call, I'll say it like, usually once I script it out and I'll just like say it like three, four or five times. But then we want to ask, I love just always when you have the problem, stretch it, right? I'm pretty active in trying to learn about sales. Like usually it's fine. But the other reason you can miss your projections is that you're in a rut, right? So when you're selling this guy an offer, let's say, on lead generation and consistent lead, whether that's coaching or agency services or whatever, when you're selling that to this real estate agent, know that you're not only selling the surface level destination, but you also want to weave in the emotional level destination as well. And we'll see you in the next training. Now, you might not think these are emotional benefits. There's also pre-close reframes. Is it the aha? Okay, so just found out? 90% of the time, I do that every single time. Now, here's the problem with this, all right? I'm telling you, when you're able to do this, your pitches will become absolutely wicked. So this is the meat and potato. And I'll say if with anything below 100 bucks, really, to be honest, you might have, like if I said you have 48 to 72 hours for non-buyer leads to really just get ahold of them, for anything lower than 100 bucks, you might have five days, realistically, okay? Typically, I like to make my IP the beginning elements that solve the core issue, and that help you differentiate from the competition. And some of these are fairly obvious guys, but I do see them, so I have to bring them up. But once you have the problems, you have those questions crafted, like they're just going to fall, these people will fall right into your lap, and it's just going to become so systematic once you get a good flow with this. So what exactly are you trying to accomplish in your business or life right now? And that's how I try to come at it. So deep breaths in, hold at the top for 10 seconds, breathe out for 10 seconds, hold at the bottom for 10 seconds, and then repeat. But a lot of the world has, you know, they grew up with parents that kind of shamed them for having goals or high aspirations and told them things like, you're never going to amount to anything, right? They're not, oh, no, well, I've got to take notes. And hopefully, your VSL converts too, so you're getting some inbound. Like, the biggest reason people don't go deep on their calls is they don't get specific enough, right? I don't know why I did. It's like, okay, well, if there was a way that were possible to be able to, you know, not even spend that amount of money on ads to create that amount of income, but still create that income organically without using, having to use paid traffic at all. So I'll ask a background question. Because remember, the only reason they really, you know, not always but the main reason the prospects getting on the call is for information. And then also, with the group strategy, then when you add in the occasional promotion, like a free live webinar, a master class, those things are like the biggest engineer momentum. Where do you feel like you're at? My grammar's not very good. Did I honor my promises to myself? So anyways, to digress, framework for formula number two. In other words, we wanna use as few words possible to ask that question. Probably the most common one is when people ask, you know, so John, when do you think you'd be willing to move forward with something like this? And one thing, I don't know if you think this is useful to you, but Eli's talked about sometimes using like a scale of one to 10 thing in terms of finances. And then we use a framework. Besides from, you know, having a car, a nice house, stuff, when you say, you know, you said provide for family three times. No, because he said he's doing fulfillment. So who's going to be better in a one-to-one sales conversation? And like, they make the same, if not less money than I do, because I'm pretty damn good at the job. And I personally wouldn't give your messenger inbox to any of your setters. Okay, well, what's the target? That being said, prioritization always comes on the lead flow for the new leads. I think even like a hundred thousand a month would be a good starting point. So you have all your goals questions, right? But basically, you see here like, and this is like you're not gonna take 85 calls in a week as one person, but like let's say this is your entire sales team, you're going for 13 units this week, okay? OK, so starting with cash on hand, where is that at exactly right now? So if your prospect doesn't go all over the place and they kind of fall more into a linear progression, you'll start here and it's just going to naturally kind of progress. Just want to get you associated with it. Like, take me back, you mentioned your manager a couple times, take me back to the last time we're like, I don't know, you like piss you off or something like what? Because I know a lot of guys who, they've learned this way, this is how they pitch their products and services, and they close, okay? This is what we were talking about with accuracy and doing what you say. So, because of that, we do, same thing up here, so that you can benefit, ultimately, benefit of the benefit. Well, it sounds like that's exactly what you need. Okay, again, not any thoughts on that, what are your thoughts on that, okay? So three ways to gain more authority. No. But I'm just using common sense. Like, why not stay where you are? And 10 being, that sounds like, okay, yeah, that's exactly what I need. Fix it in the past, if anything. And he's like, all right, so at this point, I don't have any more questions. So if they've tried nothing, that's the easiest one. What do you like about it? And then we're going to talk about the specific comments. I could just, like, boom, just go right into it, OK? So, you'll see how I do that in a little bit, too. So this one's really basic, but really important. So it's important to understand there's quantitative and there's qualitative. Do you want me to send you the link? Now, after we do information gathering, and we have all the information we need to, again, understand if and how we can help them, and two, eliminate objections before the close, then we are going to go into what's called the transition phase. And you're going to say, where do you feel like you fall exactly? Another one, have you seen our success page? Either some people recommend a two-minute vague overview of what you do, okay? But you'd be surprised, like I've had guys making $2,500 a month, they're 23, but then they end up having a $700 credit score, and they can do it. And while I said partner, cause for other people, it's probably partner, right? We could even take it a step further and say, and based on what we talked about earlier in terms of not being able to hire on their own sales reps and having trouble with that, do you feel like this step would potentially be able to help you, okay? Like you might get the reason that people are telling their friends that they wanna do it, but when you ask, okay, well, that makes sense. And I break them down into six categories. You're going to probably ask anywhere from two to five total. Or do you make a bunch of bullshit excuses because your objections will be their objections, okay? So later on, you know, for a victim mindset, especially, you know, especially at the end of the call, we might really have to take a stand for them and reframe. So you should be just getting off a call, you had a bunch of objections, you could close them. So that being said, I pretty much covered all of this here. So he's the best at that I've seen. Well, what is their target weight? I mean, why not stay where you are with a nine to five? The next video will be the triage call script. If nobody answers, then they're going to hang up and call immediately again. Can I have permission? Where are you at now? But why are we asking it? So, like, you know, make sure that it's desirable. All right, so what we're always doing is we're opening up dialogue during the pitch, and this makes it super easy for them to internalize and get. Okay, in what way? So, and part of this has to do with the buying pocket. Super simple. And then you have what you need. And then that way, the execution of these syntaxes is gonna come flawlessly and you have so many questions at your disposal you can use in any one situation. So what I mean is that usually in finances, you'll be talking about how much money they were gonna gain. So projections, a good way to think of them too, is that they're numbers that if all shit goes bad, like you got a 50% no-show rate and you felt like shit, you got sick one day, you're still able to hit your numbers. Are you asking blank or do you mean blank? And then the second thing is really just to eliminate objections before the close. Does she think it's a problem too or what does she think? Now number two, realize, if you went through the pitch codex, okay? They'll hire two setters, and then just give them the CRM. So the last thing I'll say here is that the key to implementing this stuff is crafting. Oh, okay, what were your thoughts on that? So I handle all of the enrollment. But like in my market, I'm not gonna do all three. First, we're gonna talk about sales success tips and common pitfalls, especially kind of particular to the ramp-up phase as your sales rep getting started. So, I mean, is that all you really want? You make it out of vision. So, I responded to our ad about getting into inbound or outclosing. Obviously, I would never ask all of these questions. We're doing more than what's needed to get to our projection, okay? I was working three, four, five, six months. There's like the reason they come up with, it's like the socially acceptable reason. And obviously you're looking for a no here so they can tell themselves that. And now you're saying this and like, he kind of like, we actually had a video call and so I could see his face get red and he wasn't willing to die, self-diagnose. Like, if you don't do this in a tactful, cool way, that's almost a little bit covert, that it's just going to trigger a ton of sales resistance and it's just not gonna be cool, okay? Because really, everything you say in your pitch is a claim to an extent, okay? Are you looking for like, when you think about the things that you want with your career, outside of just the income standpoint, as we talked about that, like, what do you want? You might think better emotional benefits are getting back your time so you can spend that with your family, going on vacations, blah, blah, blah, blah, like in the previous training. Okay, and then the most important part about this is really finding the right sales reps to begin with, okay? And at that point, um, if it makes sense and you feel like you want to, we can definitely talk about what I have going on over here. Um, Larissa, do you have a question? So then we can really get into that. We can't just create that out of thin air. So we'll talk about those and how to cultivate those. I just buy anything else on your situation that you feel like we haven't covered. Just pretend for a second, you're already there with us. We have the financial-level pain, right? And that's where we're going to get our cost and our urgency. And then the reason, like if we were a little bit intoxicated, we'd be like, dude, you know, like sitting at the bar with your buddy or drinking a beer. It's a little bit esoteric, but more than happy to help anybody with that if they're struggling to understand it. I don't really have like an answer for you. So, when you put your email in there, you'll automatically be sent an email with Kajabi logins for the course, it's got 30 plus hours of content on how to train your setters and how to set appointments, how to do prospecting, social media prospecting, messenger, closing, you know, basically everything. He's convincing them that funnels is the key, and that the only way to do that is through ClickFunnels. These are people who have been working for, like, four, five, six, seven months, all right? Okay, and then on top of that, obviously you need some more volume. So I'm going to go scale. Okay, and then once we kind of look at it at a high level for these different verticals, we're gonna get into the nitty-gritty of how to use a belief ladder in Socratic dialogue during the discovery phase, okay? So listen back to how I did it, go through the recording, but you'll see I'm, you know, and obviously here I'm also talking about what we're gonna get done, which is kind of like the feature, right? Cool, once you have a skill developed, do you feel like that's gonna be able to help you find the right opportunity? So either way, cost question, follow up on it through one of these two methods. Now we're going to start the triage from here. So with this guy, it's time. So, um, and you know sometimes it depends on your, you know, depends on how efficient you're trying to be with every single prospect and also what you're trying to do with your time, you know, look, you might. What does that look like? And in terms of bandwidth, I mean, how much time do you feel like you have to implement new stuff? Then we're gonna qualify, okay? So think about these quick wins. I used to sell a program that, like, helped them use their assets to generate leads right away, and a lot of people had success with that. Sent you the calendar invite, can you just see really quick if you got that? So the way we do that, and the way I like to think about it, is having a routine that hits all three of these things. Okay, in short, think about it this way. But it's very, very rarely done when I do call reviews. So what this allows you to do is have a loose framework to work from. You're 100% in? So it's like tie down number one, tie down number two, and then get their confirmation and sell themselves on why this is important. Now, if the guy's doing $20,000 a month and I don't see really any red flags, I'm not going to go into what we'll cover later, which is resource and willingness questions, OK? Like, dude, half those people don't even remember you. 
That's Cole here. What's not working in your business right now? Just an example. Can I ask you a personal question? So the key is just knowing what you're looking for and really having us kind of guide you on what to avoid, okay? I was like, I broke a record, and you wanna reread through those journals. Like, let's say you do have Dan on the call this time and it is lead generation, but he has another partner who's in charge of, you know, fulfillment and operations. So this one I got a little fancy with. And then we covered this one. But it's also very hard to have good dialogue when you're just, oh my God, we can't talk about anything good right now for this five minute segment in the fall. I just couldn't really get to the pain. Here's the Zoom links. Not saying they wouldn't. Next point is giving them a list of old leads, no shows, no closes, and the CRM, and giving them a call. For instance, Cole, in January, he had a group of 1,500 people, generated 275,000 out of that group. Welcome to this video on outbound calls where we go over the script, okay? And you can shoot those off depending on the situation you're in on the call with the prospect. Another way to think about this, guys, is I've taken, at the time of recording of this video, 3,000 to 4,000 sales calls over the course of probably the past few years. Because he said, you know, to kind of take care of the family, be the dad that he wants to be, etc. We're just talking about the boring stuff, the introduction, the onboarding, et cetera. And again, two of the emotions that your prospect needs to have to buy, well, one of them is certainty. The next week of training will be objections, which will be an amazing week of training, so excited to get into that. Why is that the biggest challenge of their business? And I was gonna write a whole new script for this, but I remembered I did this Facebook post a long time ago, and I'll tell you what, this is exactly what I would've written anyways. Well, let's see how that's working out for you then. The big reason you're going to lose sales is because the person's, it's not that they're not sold on your product. Did I make time for play and make time for relationships? That was actually a true story of a client I had one time. And then I temp checked again and then got a 9.5. We're going to move on to the investment. A to Z. It needs to be unique, different, superior than anything they've tried in the past. I can't do anything about it. Well, why wouldn't like that? It breaks it up, and it makes it easier to digest, so they don't kind of get bogged down with too much information, which puts them in prefrontal cortex thinking brain and shuts them down, okay? How many calls you have a day? Okay, obviously pitch codex, I'm using it here, right? We can start asking us no questions and pretty soon it doesn't matter what type of ego somebody has. After that, we give them the next steps. It's happened multiple times. Whether that's true or not. I can think of one time where I was going for this record and I'm like a very, I get a lot of energy from breaking records. Something like that. If you start with what's your biggest challenge right now, they're probably not going to respond with this. So I'm just curious. So these will help you go really, really, really, really deep with your prospects. It's just, it's so much better. And it's really important because you wanna understand what really all the alternatives to them not working with you. And it's pretty clear to me that like, I want one more than the other, you know? See you guys. The first thing, and probably one of the most important things, is defining each with a specific number or specific detail. Let's see. It's very, very awkward and strange, but you know, you throw somebody in a sales context, and they think they gotta do that every time. If we can decide if this is the right thing for you. Zero. The main one is, the reason we do it is to eliminate DIY objections, which is basically a prospect thinking that they can do it on their own or they want to keep trying to figure it out on their own and then maybe reach out to you later, right? Okay, especially if you're like, like for me, I'm a very alpha, like kind of like leader on the calls, when I'm at my best. So what you're gonna find is, if you have a savage outbound prospecting setter team, after three to four months of really getting the team dialed, you're gonna find out that they're gonna start talking to people who've already had consults with a different closer who didn't close, okay? So I kind of summarize this for like a 10th time below here. What do you do when someone, when you go into like, what's going to happen if nothing changes and they kind of just try to dodge it will be like, by being like, well, it will change or, or like, well, or let's say like a week before your call, like they're, they're in the middle of implementing some new strategy that they think is going to work, but they don't have the data yet that it's not going to work. So for instance, a lot of you guys have good inbound marketing systems or kind of some sort of a content marketing approach that leads into the call. Sometimes I could have just said in this situation, okay, bigger income potential. That's how we're going to widen the gap and we're really going to create hell island and heaven island. So I don't have any more questions. You believe they have your best interest at heart, right? I mean, ideally I'd like to be making like 150, 200,000 a year. Those are all different types of offers. Reverse engineer the goal. You know, we really want to create dialogue around this, okay, that creates a buy-in. Then we move on to the committing phase, okay? In this, I mean, we're like January 2nd right now. But, you know, there's a time, for instance, I know somebody who just quit his job. I can either carry off with somebody else, point you in a good direction or, you know, give you some homework until you're ready. Absolutely, yeah, for sure. You probably wouldn't ask that latter question there, but you know, I'm trying to get you to think of this in the right way. So this little bit here is really what I wanted to show you guys. You're doing that for profit, and a lot of these low-ticket opportunity-generating funnels are like 47 and lower, which we're still gonna see these ratios. It's just, you know, I haven't done that before, so I don't know exactly what that would look like, but you know, it's, it would just be awesome to actually go on a vacation and rather than be on calls for nine hours a day, like checking with my sales reps for an hour when my family was asleep or something, you know what I mean? Calling or taking no apps. But as you build your setters, if you're spending more and more and more, you're going to do this by default if you just follow what I told you earlier. We're going to ask like one or two tops. We can follow this up with what I have an impact on you in what way. There's physiology, clarity, necessity, and inspiration. And he, you know, you just gave his response. Now, that's more of a B to B metric. All right, guys, I'm back. She wouldn't have any resistance towards it. So, like, can you get a quick win, OK? Another thing that I love about everything I've taught you so far is even somebody who, you know, they're a great closer and they've not been through our training and they don't know, they have no idea what the belief ladder is or Socratic dialogue or any of this stuff. So when you think about a business that instead of a trickle lead flow, you're getting about three to five consistent appointments every single day, week after week. And if the conversation is done properly, they're going to do that through buying your offer. But I was saying like who's had trouble taking This document that's like, you know however Many freaking pages and being like how do I apply this and actually get all of this stuff in there? Why do you say that's your biggest challenge? So I'm just kind of curious of like what, what it all looks like, like what the picture actually is. They want this impact. The other one I was going to say as the second thing is it like, dude, I know you don't want to put a financial, uh, short term stress on your parents, but how much of your parents invested in your education, a hundred thousand. So, it's really important to me that you and your team feel good about the process before we get into any of this, you know what I mean? Um, have you,
I reached out to anybody to like help you with this in the past or yeah, I did actually. If a setter can't hit two per day, probably not even worth being on the team. But the second version, and this will really make sense to you, is a game where you know like you're so much better than the team, you may as well already have won, right? And the outcomes of this phase altogether is to get them clear on the end result. Right, so it's like, they didn't initially know. So our goal on the call is to build healthy tension. So, that's a, I can't believe I didn't include that in this training in terms of the written scripting, but if you see what I did there, I clarified that, like, just because you want to make that net doesn't mean that's what you're going for gross. So that being said, that's it for this video, guys, and we'll see you in the rest of the training. By the way, a good question here for ROI offers is, if somebody is working full time, how much money do you need to bring in to replace your current income doing whatever? And you just got to be, you don't want to chat with that stuff. So you can use this, obviously you can kind of tailor the language here a little bit, but you get the point, right? We can tell ourselves that we did everything possible on that call and we can let it go. That alone, it's like crazy how obvious it'll be what's different, and you'll see, oh, okay, I was going through this sales training then, and I was going through all of these trainings. You're kind of like him. So some examples here is there was one time I was traveling, and I went through this huge rut, and when you look back at my journals, when I traveled, my physiology went out the window because I didn't work out one time. Then week 10 is bonus training. And then once we identify it, I mean, scaling up sales team could be the problem, but we want to go more. It's biz-op. And really reorient the prospect with what this is all about, and that all this is about is getting the result, getting the hard offer, okay? So we're going through this first question shot across the bow. So the end result of that is less offers and then you're gonna make less money. And a lot of people who, they're really focused on the objection stuff, which is important, but they're really focused on that. That's how high the standard should be, even if they did everything right, okay? Can I ask a question about that? I learned this from Brad Newman. That's just how my mind works. Is that where you want to be? And that alone, you see, I just doubled their goal doing that. Like, what does that even look like? Okay, that being said, after we get through the material here, we're gonna be going into the examples. The introduction is, first, we're going to have rapport. Just by fixing this alone, you can really just minimize the amount of objections that you're creating on the calls. I'll actually do a demo of how I pitch this verbatim, our exact script that I developed and iterated over tons of calls of these. So if you have a market that's really tired of modules and courses, you might wanna come up with a new term for that. Once a lead comes in, it's gonna get instantly zapped into a Slack channel, Alaware, and your CRM, okay? You know, why not? Then we like how long the problem's going on. The next thing is improving your world view, okay? We use Aloeware, and we like that one because we can also use it as an SMS broadcast. You only have two jobs on a sales call. It's gonna be very, very easy for me to transfer that level of thinking over to the prospect. There's like, there's this, right? So the worst thing you can do is like, create some crazy ass names, and make the explanation super complicated, and then you throw everybody in the logical brain, and it doesn't work. And because of that, that causes this. And that's gonna be how to set yourself up so you can hit your sales targets each week, each month, each quarter, and each year. Your sales process and pipeline systems are your core issues. I need paid traffic and like scalability in my marketing. Well, if you can't pitch, like, if your offer sucks, it doesn't matter how good of a salesperson you are. That's why we have qualitative assessment as well, okay? Now, this isn't one of the seven beliefs, but this is really important because it helps you understand if they've been burned. But if the income's over like five grand a month, usually, it's a pretty good sign unless like, I don't know, you know, unless there's barring any other red flags. So are you open to having an honest conversation about where you're at financially, and then based on that, we can figure out the best way we can help you? Well, it sounds like that was going fairly well for you. Inspiration equals energy, all right? But really any process or script is going to work if it covers these seven things, which is why I like it so much. I just knew this by second nature. Can I ask you a personal question implies a personal answer? Yeah, I'm gonna need help with that too. But you know, if they don't give you too much other detail, well, when you say freedom, what do you mean? Well, you're gonna go into a rut. So it's really using a framework called problem, reason why, cost. What we're trying to do is figure out what the problem is in the business now. So there's the new payoff question. So first question, the biggest challenge, shot across the bow. Describe to me that in detail. So I listed some questions here that will help you really boil that down. I know how to get leads, sell. Then this video here is gonna show you how to get your pitch reviewed. I'm already trying to fix it. Then a cost question, and then these follow ups. So much of a better way to do it and of course it can lead into cost, right? Shots, and because you missed a basket a few times, you're going to quit. Well, what we do is the deliverable. Even if the partner's like, hey, you know, yeah, I definitely have to let my spouse know, it's not going to make sense for them to get on the call. So I always state it twice. All right, so let's move on to number three, other thoughts and beliefs around the idea, i.e. social proof, okay? Then, this video here is gonna link you to a different week of training that's gonna show you all of the different background questions, all of the different pain questions, doubt questions, financial and resource questions, solution questions, cost questions, desire questions, support and spouse-partner questions. But if you're a sales rep and you start watching this, you're like, dude, I've already watched this video. But you tell me where you want to go. There's certainty, variety, significance, growth, contribution and love and connection. This is what you can do with those. And then calling is third best. It's very similar to tell me more. Same thing with buyers, is like you have people who add to cart, and that counts them as an opt-in, but then they don't buy. Or do you use that? So if you have closers and setters, the natural tendency is to focus on the closers more. Have your setters do that initially. So ultimately if they could fix the problem, what would that do for them? If you have a good person, you could certainly do this. So this is good. That's basically what it has said. Very important. What's up guys, welcome back to the training. So keep that in mind, guys. Like if you're for fitness, you definitely want to have an app. So anyhow, we need to do this correctly, and you'll see as we go through this why doing this up front so correctly is important. So it's not even sales frame. How, well, how often does that happen? I'm gonna speed this up, by the way, guys, because it's gonna be rolling pretty much word for word through the script. They're just there because like, they're all buds. And it's getting to a point to where it's like you know if you move on and you proceed. Now, for our purposes, think of dominance as the same thing as certainty. Okay, I'm curious, are you asking that because of X? Um, any questions guys? We go through the introductory and discovery phase. Um, but he, like a lot of the stuff you're learning here is, you know, it's stuff like we have very similar philosophy, but at the same time, um, I've just, what I really got from him was just listening to him because his tonality is so good and so grounded. Or is that something else that you would need our help with once we get to that point? Well, can I ask you an honest question? So now, also, this is going to build certainty and future pace to the prospect. What's not okay about missing your numbers is not knowing why. I do like this format a little bit better here, but this is my preference. But at the end of the day, guys, don't complicate this, okay? It's like, man, you gave us nine parts and all these like a million different questions. Just wanted to be able to make sure you were able to access it okay. Customized based on what's best for the client. And like, you're not going to read them off of a script. For sure, brother. So basically, you'll receive an in-depth training platform, which is something you'll have lifetime access to. Because as you can see, there's a little bit. He quit the next day. So I will say this, guys, and you're gonna see this in the pitch. So it's actually gonna be a video that's gonna go way more in depth of this whole thing here. Now, if when you ask any questions, if they say, yeah man, what's the investment? It took me a long time to figure that out, but once you get the moment, I mean, that's another way. Closing ratio was like 12%, just a little bit different. And a little bit of, I don't know if unrest is the right word, but definitely an air of tension and people are like, oh fuck, Leonardo DiCaprio's here, it's pretty cool. Okay, and the biggest, and we're just gonna clarify the biggest challenge, obviously we know this one, okay, the biggest challenge you wanna help with right now is sales recruiting, yeah? So who here and I'm not gonna judge has been like Man, that's a lot of questions Like how a little f do I take that and apply it to my calls in a way which is smooth natural And then I'm gonna understand Scratches next so he doesn't want to oh, can you say that question again? You can't even hear anything in the background. I don't know if there's like some way to do that. Which basically you say this, gotcha. And then, let me just delete this as old. Somebody's alternative to not working with a marriage counselor could be divorce, which is not just emotionally destructive, but also financially destructive. So in this example, to continue on here, once we kind of chunk it down to where they'll even start to realize, wow, like this sucks. Here's how I'd break it down is, okay. Okay, so we're gonna dive into each of these, but let me be really clear here. Now, I don't know if this is the exact definition of Socratic dialogue, but for our purposes, we're going to define Socratic dialogue as the process of asking skill questions to help the prospect come to the conclusion that we want them to, but as if it's their own idea. Sounds like I've done this a thousand times, know what I'm doing. Tony Robbins says, show me your rituals and I'll know your standards. What you're going to do is you'll still say this, and then you don't have to pause and get permission, they just already asked you for it. Awesome, man. So, put a different way, create projections that are impossible to hit with one call close alone. Now, obviously, as it gets up to $297, $500, $1,000, $2,000 buyers, you know, this number could be drastically less, and you can have, you know, because the leads are going to be a little bit higher quality, also because they made a bigger purchase, they're going to be more receptive from somebody from your company actually reaching out and trying to get a hold of them. Like, yeah, and I mean, I really hate to ask you this, but I mean, what's your plan if nothing changes? Now, we're out of sales frame, and we're into expert frame. What would it mean for you if you would have to do that in six months, right? Why, though? So not only do we wanna have the best salespeople for our companies, but we also wanna have an offer that does a lot of the heavy lifting. They kind of made you a little bit nervous and you cared what they thought of you, okay? Does anybody else have questions on this framework? Yeah, totally. So once you get this down, you're never going to feel lost in your own process at all because you're always going to know and have these like seven check boxes you can circle back to and re-navigate the conversation to the places you need to feel like you focus most. Like, are the behaviors, the easy stuff that they can control, are those things being executed flawlessly? So you'll see I use that question later on in the training. I'll show you how to do it. I do recommend it. Okay, so i'll show you how I did this here so we have these three problems And remember the frame we're going through is pain doubt cost desire money support trust right Those are the seven beliefs We need to hit on every single sales call so For like What you want to do is use this sheet as inspiration and then start crafting Your questions for each of those so right finding and hiring sales reps The first thing I want to do is be like tell me more Okay, the second thing I want to do After I kind of fully understand what's going on If I don't already I want to understand well what their current like we have now we have the prop we've isolated that Then we want to understand what they're currently doing to try to fix the problem Or are you currently trying to do anything to uh Recruit sales reps right now. I've heard really good things about Kiksey as well. So I'm opening up a loop because I am going to go right down back to these. I need them to tell who, themselves, right? So, great man. Because this dude's 20 whatever years old. In my case, it's them being on sales calls too much. And they have to relive all the emotions associated with that moment, where the disgust was so high they had to change. So let's say the problem is generating leads. So do you know how to? For sure. You move on to transition language, okay? Eventually, you can have somebody else do this, but it is a huge, huge thing. Gotcha, okay, 4 p.m. PST. Let's say you teach coaches how to build lead generation systems, offers that convert and scale to 50K a month, right? Will you shoot me a text? So we did a whole separate training on advanced tonality and sales subcommunication, but just a reminder, we want downward or equal tonality. Very simple. And I said this earlier, but missing a goal or a projection, missing a projection is okay if we learn the lesson, we know why we missed it, and we can implement it the next time to be able to fix that and be able to then hit our projection the next time. Again, given you've earned it and given that you're good. Cool, what are your thoughts on that? Those are my kiddos. And then from there, I set intentions. I used to be on a team where we had to do X amount of follow-ups a day, and we had to do X amount of self-gens a day, and it was all requirements, okay? So don't anvil drop the pitch, guys. I use 90% of the time. OK, well, how else would that have an impact on you? And you'd be like, dude, well, I totally understand all of that. So, with that being said, still, that's a very observational thing, and we tend to lie to ourselves. So for instance, instead of canceling, let's say somebody books a call, doesn't fill out an application, or maybe their application is just kind of iffy. I love this, and it's also way easier to deliver and way shorter, in my opinion, than this as well. Now this outbound call is going to naturally transition into the triage call, okay? OK, I don't know why this is important to him. And it creates duality, so the prospect, they see better of where they're at now versus where they want to be. That was the other idea that I had that hadn't, I haven't really tried it though. So once you get to this point, the real benefit of that is that you can kind of get back to time. If I think what you said was really helpful in terms of just coming at it, there's always a range and we want to be able to custom tailor the strategy to them, which is very reasonable. So how do we hold the expert frame during the call? What the opportunity is, how it works, tie it up. 60% offer percentage is decent depending on your marketing. What else do you like about it? We've already covered intro, information gathering, transition. Yep, and at the beginning of every week, we're gonna adjust monthly, quarterly, and yearly as well. So you've been wanting to leave your 9 to 5 for about three years now, and you're finally reaching out to do something about it. Because this offer, by the way, guys, I should've said this before. Cause you've really dug in and broken it down. You might as well just use a script. And if you do it right, a lot of the times, you're probably not even going to run into this in the first place. The buying pocket is basically this place where the prospect believes their transformation is possible, but only with your help. Um, I lost my train of thought, but that one will come back to me. So in order to be able to get you to a hundred K, it seems like the only way to be able to do that, it seems that the main constraint for you is your lead flow. It is the best, it's really the best mindset performance book I've ever read, but especially for what they teach and how you can apply this to sales, it is amazing. And then, even if you don't do a two-call, you should know how to do one, because it's good to know how to do both. We went through my example already. Okay, well, about 20%, that means you're making about five grand a month. Which it is. Ah, that's gross. So when we use Socratic dialogue in conjunction with the belief ladder and everything I'm going to teach you, it's simply going to feel incongruent for the prospect not to move forward at the end of the call because of how much consistency bias we've created. to build compelling marketing that's actually going to work. Now, cost. Key. So once you enroll, we'll give you some initial intake homework to complete. But stuff like that is the one thing I do not do. And there's different ways we can tap into those leads, but having your commission-based setters with the model we teach do it is not the way. There's an opt-in. Finances support, even maybe a little bit of trust. I'm sure like a lot of people are like, I want to be on the beach in Mexico. Pillar four is team building, okay? Because there were some things that as I created the pre-pitch for the new offer that we worked a little bit, what I realized is like, there were some things and some processes that I was, I was just doing naturally that I, that are not in the training. Well, I'm not paying myself. But this week, we're gonna be covering introductory, information gathering phase, and transition, okay? He like finding recruiting, that he doesn't know how to do that. This training is on the keys to high performance, and more specifically, how to sustain consistent high performance in sales. What does that change? Like, that is what really enables your sales team to be able to do it, okay? Whatever suggestion you make here, because it's sandwiched in between these permission questions, it's super natural. And it's like, well, ultimately, if you were able to get, let's say, three to five of those same quality leads every single day, predictably week after week, month after month, well, what would that do for you? I have been thinking about Tweaking some of the ad angles And funny enough, so I dropped a two-step in my client group yesterday to collect video testimonials because I don't have any videos I don't like all audio interviews. We're going to get more, even more clear on that in a second. It's going to eliminate the fear of success. Oh, why is that important to you now, though? Did whatever else, right? We might even be going into finances. It's downward. I know you mentioned before, like a big thing is family. So like, if I go through it and I do everything, like you're guaranteeing I'll at least like get a job opportunity. People that have no problem staying where they're at and they're like, Oh, or like they even tell you, you know, who wants to stay where they're at. Cause one permission is going to give you better compliant answers to, by the very nature, you're saying personal, you're going to get a personal response. And she's making, you know, $10 an hour. Then you go into the reschedule, okay? So it's either they believe they're behind the pack and they need to get the average. So the reason that language does, it's nuanced, but it makes a difference, is can I ask you a personal question, right? Cause some people are not some people, most people when they're, when they're, when they're associated on what's at stake, it lights a fire under their ass to be that much more committed when they do start. Do you have a real personal reason why they have to change now? Okay, so only say enough to where we're setting proper expectations and it makes sense in how this is delivered at a high level. In Messenger, we teach our team to be able to capitalize on that opportunity, right? No questions. So for instance, we might send out an email that says like, hey, you know, I'm just going to make up something off the top of my head, but hey, do you still want, you know, setters for your business? You know, I just kind of wanted to see what you guys do. Here's the wrong way. So let me know if you have questions on that, guys. Yeah, I'd like to hear about it. Cool, and your goal's 500 grand a month? We go into gotcha. Right vehicle. I just got a lot of good information there, because chances are she's not gonna be, needed to be on this call, okay? Do you feel like you'll move him up to a closer? And especially younger people, they won't really, they'll be like, I get what you're asking me, and I am really committed. Like you take out advertising expenses, the whole shebang. I didn't say, okay, ultimately, what's that going to do for you? Now, it's not to say you can't put them in the Facebook group and have them cold DM all of the members of the group. The system doesn't work without it, period. And then once I get into finances, I'll front load it with permission and moral authority and make it much, much more natural and not seem like I'm, like, vetting him to, you know, see if he has, you know, what his limit on his Amex card is, for instance. And look, I mean, you can hit those lists and get some sets, but you're not going to be able to build a successful setting team just around that type of stuff. Sometimes, if needed, you can use a case study and say something along the lines of, well, you know, I think we can get there much faster than you think, because, you know, you remember John, who I told you about earlier on the call? So let me ask you, you're at two right now, you need to get to 50. Yeah, I accepted it. Always working, always grinding. Like this is what they mean. I give you those two primary syntaxes you can use, and then you just custom tailor those syntaxes based on whatever your offer is. The police officer example, I feel like, is relatively straightforward. So that's why I looked at the formulas are great, guys. You're thoughtful ones you want deep answers to. I mean, dude, anybody that has money. So, as a side note, why do prospects set low goals? What else? Over and over and over again. And also repaint the hell island to paradise island. I mean, maybe you can help me out for a second because I'm not really sure what we should do here, like, you could probably get to 2k a month in the time frame that you want, just by following our free content and Facebook, like our program might be a little bit overkill for you. If the guy says, well, dude, man, my revenue's down 100%, or 50% the past two months, past 60 days, because our lead generation's just inconsistent and we had a Facebook funnel work and then it broke, and so right now, I mean, dude, the big thing is lead generation specifically getting YouTube ads working. And that's basically, that's why I know that. So what I would have done here, again, just to digress, is in this situation with Brian, I would have hopped on Zoom. Just, uh, I've done that one like three times in this call so far. They thought that was what was gonna make the prospects buy. It was the other day. We're going to make sure the prospect is still in a good time and place for the call. I would never, you would never say that. So you get better answers with honest or personal. There'll actually be a separate training in the video after this explaining how the call review reservation system works. So then you'll, a lot of times get the pain because sometimes they just misunderstand the question or it just doesn't like resonate with them well. What I'm saying is, have they verbally not just told you, but more importantly themselves, the consequences of doing nothing, OK? The reason why is that solving problems creates value and money follows value, okay? They're kind of like at the upper echelon. Because there's innate trust in what the police officer is saying. Wow, you're not taking home a lot. Um, and that, that sets you up good for life. Now, you might be asking, well, because in this example, well, what if I'm selling on the phone, I'm selling my coaching, but I still wanna learn about real estate? But essentially here, you want to give them your onboarding, but just like with your delivery, we always want to frame things benefit-rich. And that's because, like, it's better to say it naturally than to say it's scripted, OK? So you're gonna wanna make sure you go through this again. And they're going to tell you, Oh, well they weren't giving me support on Facebook ads. Prospect's like, no. The temperature check is really, again, what builds that certainty that this is the right thing, now is the right time, and it buys them in on the process, okay? So example would be 30% closing ratio in about eight weeks, all right? So after expenses, ad spend, paying team, all of that stuff, what does that net? Okay, so I'll repeat that. That's a good I've used that to close a lot of people But I would never just like You know, you never want to really want to have it in there, right? Cause he could be like, Oh, I don't really like, like, I feel like they own me. You need that, like, savage, competitive, but also cooperative culture in your outbound and your inbound teams. I'll throw it on for my walk tomorrow morning. Once we take care of that, what we're going to do is set what's called baseline with you, all right? Okay, well, you've been in that whole 12 months. Three to four is pretty regular. I mean, our setters do excellent, but it just, there's a lot of issues with that, number one being, like, when you have eight to 10 setters already, and it's a free-for-all atmosphere, trying to throw a new setter in there and get them trained and ramped when they're working with all these killers, it's really difficult. What questions do you have on that specifically? And just some more proof to let you know that this is a myth, I'm not extroverted at all, and I've closed as high as 70% of offers I've made, and these were packages that were upwards of 36K. You know, generally, no. If you go to a Tony Robbins event, you know, you don't leave with a voice, that's for sure. So the prize frame is the frame that we hold that means that we have a ruthless independence of the outcome and we have a ruthless independence of the outcome because we're the best in the world at what we do, that they need our help and not the other way around. Now, instead of following up with people on my pipeline and following up with, you know, hey, how's it going? Is that pretty much your entire personal income each month? So, with gross, you know, typically with your business, you're doing advertising, maybe a little bit of team, software expenses, and, you know, a few other things. And really specifically asking one question at a time. A lot of cases you just take them to the close anyway because people like this will close sometimes you'd be suppressed, you know, sometimes they just want to buy a program. It's funny how that works. So, company-specific is things that anybody should be going through, whether you're a sales rep, a virtual assistant, a CFO, whatever, like this is getting onboarded on the Slack, G Suite, other softwares, Facebook groups, that type of stuff. Now, I'm not saying not being a good salesperson is important, it is the one skill I think that beyond all, you should learn 100%, but having a great offer, and more importantly, being able to communicate that offer very powerfully, both in your marketing and in your sales, which this training's gonna teach you how to do those things, is going to really set you apart. It really allows you to first understand if and how you can help somebody. We're always going to start by framing the call and creating an agreement on what we're going to do and we're going to use that frame and position it in the prospect's own best interest. So you're gonna lock in the console, make sure you tie it down, so alternate close, you know, Monday or Tuesday, either 2 p.m. or 4 p.m. central time work for you, okay, Monday at two, gotcha, what's your email, okay, send them the invite, say hey, just to make sure that you accept that, sometimes like if it's not accepted, it gets overbooked, so we just accept that really quick, and then you can also pair them up with some homework, send them that, if you wanna go deeper into like how to actually tie down the first call, go to the two-call close training in week two, okay? Brian, what's up, man? I'm not a big biography person, but reading about other people's stories is a great way to get inspired as well. Did you find the setters you were looking for or are you still looking? He's in my industry. Same thing. So in a lot of cases, especially with investments that have great return, it's important that you protect your cash on hand and actually use leverage and credit instead. Most times, I don't care if you're the rock, you know? It turns out the agency is a vehicle that allows them to be able to do that successfully. Start hiring sales reps. So that should be pretty common sense. So essentially what I'm doing here is I'm punting all of the detail-oriented questions for the onboarding call, okay? What's the challenge with that? You'll have access to this document. There's tons of different things to where there was really, really bad scope creep and you want to dig into that so you can position yourself away from it down the line. Without skipping a beat. It's also an easier way to assure that you have a very quick speed to lead, very, very easy to make sure every lead's hit very, very quick. So, for me, like, eventually, I just got to a point where I transitioned to that, and being able to focus on just one skill and one thing, not only was, like, so refreshing, but at the same time, I made way more money than I ever did with my agency, and really was able to scale that to, like, $30,000, $40,000 a month, and at the same time, eventually parlayed that into my own company, where, you know, I've done multiple millions just this year, right? I feel really good. You have denial that you think you're not in a rut, that you're performing at a high level when you're not doing any of your behaviors, you're not doing any of your disciplines, you're not doing any of your rituals, your physiology's out the window, and you're in a rut. I have a bunch of examples here. So, that's actually really important and it's simple. Okay, gotcha, so, and then, you know, maybe they enrolled 2K, okay, gotcha. So what we have is we have an outbound text once they opt in. It just doesn't work, okay? We're going to do 40 this year. So let me give you an example. But, just curious, in terms of the process specifically, you wanna say this language. Super quick rapport, like you're only gonna do this obviously if this is a set triage, okay? We want to think about providing our setter's leads like it's a conveyor belt. Getting to 30 grand a month, ultimately, what would that do for you personally, right? And what did he just do? I mean, like, if that was the case, like hitting like 20, 25K a month would be the goal. Okay, so last time in the last training, Sales Philosophy 101, we talked about some super simple mental models on sales and a mental model is really just an explanation of somebody else's thought process of how something works in the world and its relationship to other things in the world. All right, I give you a bunch of activities. You get more passionate about it and you will gain massive influence and moral authority by doing so. Kind of like a, I mean, that's the middle number. Once the setter's fully ramped. Cause I get Pinterest, like, you pretty much get the same bonus if you're at like 300% to goal or 400% to goal. So these are things like, they're really important, guys. We're also going to talk about the outcome that we're looking for in the information gathering phase, okay? Great, great way to get over to the personal side and make it seem totally preeminent. Don't block off the full two hours. So this is a good one. Got it. Now, long-term follow-up is not, you know, I talked with this guy on Tuesday and closed him on a follow-up Thursday, or I talked with this guy a week ago and closed him next week, okay? And I'm like, well, you know, whose choice is that? See you in the next training. Like, we know he's in. And they're like, no, I want to go through the process. But in the morning, the first thing I do is read. Two. And obviously guys, that was a really bad example. And that concludes this training. That's a big promise, but just an example. Or it could be mid-ticket buyers. So I didn't make one mistake. Maybe it's not, but brainstorming. And then once they reply, our setters hit them up. Right, that's what this is all about. When you're driving, when you're cooking, when you're getting up in your morning routine, have it playing all the time. Plus, my energy is such that I'm, like, very much the clear leader, I'm very much the authority, and I'm providing value. And because of that, you're just not judging your communication. There's a high range of expression. I mean, I could have let it off. And it's like, man, I don't know how to get leads. I just would have said, well, how's you keep it on, keep it on? Now, finally, the last part of this week is gonna be completing a worksheet walkthrough and constructing all of this stuff on your own, okay? Have you thought about what would happen if you don't do anything about this? And I didn't even really talk about how we're gonna do it, I did mention we're gonna role play it. Early on the call, you said the biggest challenge was blank, who's responsible for that, right? So, we just always wanna weave in their own language and tailor this pitch so that it fits like a glove for the prospect, OK? There's really two types of reasons. And then I ended up, the first time I was, does that make sense? It's been good. I'm like, ultimately, what's the goal? I mean, dude, my calendar's not very full right now. And that's not the trust questions, but part of this is going to be a question to temperature check, like any last minute objections about timing, okay? Um, so let's start, start talking a little bit about the solution because so do you guys see how basically we got, we dug into the time. Call to close is live consults divided by closes. We can call them. It just kind of is like, if you're the prospect, you're like, dude, I've covered the answer to this, like, what the hell, you know, so it breaks rapport and trust in a way. Look, again, can that work? So this is the greatest gift you can give to your team, okay? Am I gonna have enough support to be able to apply this, you know, general information to my specific situation, et cetera, okay? And then we're going to roll right into this. Projections allow us to reverse engineer the path to the actual projection and then hedge, all right? Now granted, this is because it's a little bit warmer traffic, it's my offer, et cetera. What can really get your client success in the shortest amount of time? So there's the Facebook group funnel that we teach. Anything else you feel like we haven't covered? So we're going to talk about sales philosophy, the basics, the fundamentals, everything you need to know to lay a great groundwork to have a great sales philosophy. And then the final thing is to get in flow, stay in on your calls. Well, out of those three clients, how much did you charge? Or what was taught was being good, but you had a difficult time taking that very general information and then actually getting the support to be able to apply that and implement it for your specific situation. We've kind of talked about this, but it's a new opportunity that separates ourselves from anything they tried in the past and failed and justify why they tried, or what they tried and why it didn't work, okay? And what do you know, everybody overcomplicates it, okay? But you wanna say something along the lines of, like, maybe they respond to, oh man, if I could get there, I could finally fit into that size, too. What are your non-monetary goals, your personal goals, that you want your business to allow you to achieve? It would allow me to do this for the business. So it's just kind of like over twisting a knife a little bit, but you could have done it there. We're gonna cover the cadence of calling and the basic KPIs for it, okay? Like if you remember how I taught you how to take notes where you're kind of crossing things off as you go, that's my goal for you to where, you know, you ask a question, you hear a certain outcome from the prospect and what they say and you can say, okay, check finances, check resources off, for instance, okay, check pain off and check cost off, okay? There's going to be roadblocks. Welcome to this video on the setter processes for the VSL funnel. We'll talk about those next week. I'm just curious in terms of the, you know, Facebook ads and the funnel and how everything's set up. They're like, what was your total revenue? Direct command, okay? So you see how I did the challenge, then we went desired situation, ultimate goal. And then once in the group, the setters are going to have more opportunity from two steps. So this is more of a true consequence question. But I'm not going to dig into it so hard to where I start to like have people disqualify themselves before we even pitch because that'll tank your close rates. It's a great way to build your conviction. Because at that point, you just don't care. Then we're gonna go into this phase of what's called chunking down, okay? So don't do this real, also, like don't pendulum swing here and do this real awkward like five second pause that just makes you seem like, you know, you're in a sales process and you're following a script, and it's just like not conversational whatsoever. You want to know what he's trying to fix it. Like if it made sense, like she would be, she'd be game for it. Um, see, here's the thing is with on one side, like for what I'm selling in this, in this call, it's, it's not like, uh, you know, you're not going to run into a spouse objections as much because like he has a real like business in this case. So, for an example, here's four pillars. And that can be on a new topic every single week. This will be another kind of scripted question training, just to show you where we're at in the process. But if you're around somebody like this, it's kind of off-putting. And they don't mean like the person's an idiot, like, as a person, right? Once we know what the area is that we're missing, we need to find the baseline, all right? What's great about what you said there is blank, but what I'm really curious about is, and then you ask another question to redirect their focus. So we're gonna cover projections versus goals, winning routines and disciplines, how to prevent sales ruts, and also when you are in a sales rut, how to identify that you're in a rut, because most people fall in the ruts without even knowing they're in a rut. In what way, though, right? Every single day, and you'll see this, you'll see my routine later, I review my what's called identity document and I write out my goals, okay? So I had to put it there and that's where I got it from. Just so we can figure out, you know, um, the best way, right? Because like, man, it's, this is so, so critical for you guys. That's where my target is. You'll see a call review of me pitching multiple different offers, breaking it down, what I'm doing, why I'm doing it. What's your timeline? My suggestion is to listen to them on one and a half or two times speed as well. He said he's doing fulfillment all himself. So once we get it down, like we've chunked, okay, we've gotten, cause really we've, you know, we've gotten clear on the problems. And sometimes like the question of just like, well, what's keeping you from figuring it out on its own sounds like feels out of place to me. I think there's a special deal if you go through us because we've literally referred them like everybody. Which this is technically one part and then each of these, okay? The last thing, the last tell is shifts in cadence. Look, so from what I understood, you basically- I think in the course, this is called the truth hammer, is what I named it. After four, we do a temp check. I mean, I had like, man, I'm just, I know I'm a smart guy. And this is what my favorite is right now, personally, is the VSL plus appointments that are modeled. It's just, you know, everything else. We do that with the pain, and we also do that with the desire, OK? We're also gonna cover how to avoid ruts and sustain high performance. You'll process the investment with me. A lot of scripts are going to have goals sections or a part where you're getting into the dreams, desires, whatever it's called. That's objections, uncertainty-based objections are objections and basically the prospect of not believing that this is the right thing and now is the right time, okay? So I usually go goal reason why and then make sure it's connected to one area that didn't talk about. 
You know, don't be scrolling down and be like, okay, I'm going to ask the next question and the next question list, like know the questions, okay? What about getting this business to seven figures is so important to you that's kept you from throwing in the towel? Well, based on what you seem like, you've talked to one person in the past month. So, how do you apply this to you? The next video is gonna be an overview of the sales process. Your inputs dictate your outputs. Or they see, like, let's say a segment of buyers from four months ago, you know, a segment of 200 buyers from four months ago that was never called, and they're like, I want all of these people called by the end of the day. Because these COSs are going to be different for all these different types of funnels. Definitely, I'd say it's 50-50 both. Okay, so I'm asking the doubt question here and truth be told, this is another example of this, right? Like, look, can I be honest with you guys really quick? That's really all we need. And how would that make you feel? So like, how's work going overall? There's probably a million different ways you can do this, but I think just showing you what I do and what's worked for me, this is exactly what I was doing when I was selling full-time and I still do this, but it's exactly what I was doing when I sell full-time. Because what happens is, what you're doing in this part is anchoring cost, like what's gonna happen if nothing changes. So that's not only going to allow you to separate yourself from the competition, but because of your positioning, it's going to allow you to increase your pricing, which means less work, less clients to get to your goal, and more time in the evenings with your family. Where do you want to go from here? Which is a stance we want to take. It's like creating that hard offer. It's something we go deeper with on private client stuff. That's amazing opportunity. Good language. How is your pitch holding up? Here's the one-call close process. But we also want to know, what similar solutions to your offer have they tried? Oh, man, if you're able to do that, ultimately, what would that mean for you? There's not a full range of expression and I tried to make my cadence, like a pure monotone cadence is really the cadence that sounds like you're reading from a script, okay? So let's say the problem's lead generation. And they all like, they're not better at the job than anybody. And you'll see where there's this point of diminishing returns. I'm saying, I was asking if that's a, if you think that's a good thing. I have, I could go through it again. Then I start to explain it. And it's pretty simple. And two, really be able to position our product well for the pitch. Okay, everything we do is all customized. In what way? Notice the deposit closing language there. And just always was like in my corner, like crazy. Stuff like that, okay? And we'll probably go into a training on this in an advanced module of the program. To hit that number and probably we can teach you how to do five, six, seven, or eight easy. And it's really frustrating, like being tied to a location for 40 hours a week. So anyways, this is gonna be on the triage call process and script. If there's kind of different ways you can handle it, that'd be really a weird thing to say for somebody who was like struggling. Will you watch that before you have the call with him this week? I've just had so many thousands of conversations with prospects at this point, and I can tell you that is a very, very, very real thing. I would just say, like, right now, like, I want to have a family and want to provide them a good life. You know, and I really hate to ask this, but, um, you know, based on the income and how things have been and paycheck to paycheck and the credit card bills are acting up, like what is, what is your plan if, if nothing changes, you know, what is your plan at the last six months or like the next six months? Well, I mean, gosh, I mean, it is, I mean, we made 65,000. But October, September, August, how much money did they make in each of those months? So look, that makes sense. Well, where are you at now in terms of revenues? I know i've worked with sam on that Um, if you do any sort of biz op, it's all it's almost always going to be offer Acquisition and then also fulfillment time with delivery and clients because typically they don't have an offer then once they have an offer They don't have leads once they have leads Either they can't sell so they blame it on the leads Or some very small segment of people will actually try to get better at sales But once they're converting well enough with that then they have clients Next problem is actually streamlining fulfillment because they have too many clients. That's why meditation is so important, okay? We know the two reasons why we miss projections. So, I'll give you a quick chat today. Hey, first name. And then also, let's say people are putting in their application and then not booking a call. That's not what I'm saying here. You'll get the real reason. Or yeah, so you just got to kind of be like, are you married? Sales courses, sales books. So what, and you might be asking that question and that comes off in a nonjudgmental, is that where you want to be? Like you have seen this 1,000 times, you fixed it 1,000 times, you know exactly the way of thinking that's needed to fix this problem, you know exactly what needs to be done to fix this problem, okay? So let me show you what's gonna happen here. If you attend one call and just ask a question, you'll get everything. So I'll give you an example. We have a website. So I'm not going to read this all, like, word for word. So I'd recommend you do it. So oftentimes, you're gonna hear me do stuff like this, and the role play, the video you'll probably watch, maybe not the next video, but the video after, is gonna be key in seeing how I just kind of do this naturally in my language. We're going to go over financial objections, spouse partner objections, uncertainty-based objections. That way, we get the last say. Okay, so i'll show you how i'm doing that So just as we start off With that first shot across the bow question. That's not where it is. That, like for instance, and with ClickFunnels, his belief is that the key to online business success is creating funnels. I have like a little, I mean, like the 5,800 is reasonable. And then you're asking it like, okay, can I ask you a personal question? Now, again, told you this like 50 times, we're gonna have separate training on like four or five different really good strategies that I teach my teams, okay? You closed three people already today. And it doesn't have to be numbers, like for fitness, it can be like, like I had a call where I was coaching this one person, it was way back when in a different program, but she was, you know, she had an offer about flexible dieting. And we really wanna get buy-in from them that this is the right thing and now is the right time, because that eliminates uncertainty-based objections, because essentially, these objections down here, uncertainty-based objections, anything that has to do with them being less than 100% certain that this is the right thing, now is the right time, these are the hardest to handle and the most problematic, okay, we lose the most sales because of these. So, I'll put these links in the description, guys. And then I'll connect you over messenger with him before the call. I like to say, kind of like making you feel a little bit like you're in that feast or famine cycle that you mentioned. What's your plan if nothing changes? How many interviews? So where do you want to go from here? No. Okay. Yeah, tell me more. You get what I mean, okay? Like if they say, oh, I think I want to hold off for a month, do you have the ammo necessary to make that statement seem pretty stupid, OK? So before I transition out, I'll hit spouse and partner really, really quick just to make sure that's not an objection. So, it's kind of very much framed in their own best interest if that makes sense. Also ask yourself, am I working on my certainty daily? Going to hop off here. Yeah, that's correct. So week 8, it's all about going deeper on the information gathering phase in the call. Money and everything aside, how do you feel about the process? Just felt like the right thing in the transition that I ended with that still language of, where do you wanna go from here? Well, not only are we gonna have the best salespeople, because obviously this training's gonna give you everything you need, it's gonna equip you with everything you need to train your salespeople the best, or if you're a salesperson, for you to really ascend into that top 1%. So you're just asking for help, like they're always gonna help you out, you know, it's the best way to do it. Then we go into the clarifying questions. And they've got three business partners. But I'm telling you, most times you won't need it to isolate the pain. Opposed to have so much ego that they waste the most valuable resource in trying to do so. And then, you know, if he says, Oh, I'm trying to get to X, Y, and Z. It's like, holy shit, I'm gonna pressure my sales team. Et cetera, et cetera. So I think it's the most powerful mental model there is for sales. But you get the point here. So basically, this is how to transition from the pitching phase, which we just covered, to the price drop, all right? And then if I can benefit it, or benefit it, if I can add it in there, I'll do love and connection as well. It is fine, but you could see, because I didn't handle the core objection of spouse-partner, it's coming back up. I wanna lose five pounds. The key is to put it together, drill it, say it out loud, and then change it until it becomes super natural. They have more money. So there's two parts to this. And you could almost feel an air of, almost like a little bit of tension come over the restaurant, okay? Cause you know, sitting through a, these become like two hour long call breakdowns. Obviously, this is more powerful in marketing than me just stating like, oh yeah, we're just gonna have some group coaching sessions, ask you some right questions on your sales calls, whatever. You mentioned, you know, you were mentioning some of the things you'd be able to do if you're able to get off calls. It kind of is an easy thing to do to where you know it's going to set you up to ask these questions. The next thing is asking short and pointed questions, okay? You're kind of like her, right? So diffuse it first, and then find the intention slash what they actually mean by the question, and then you ask more questions to go deeper on the issue before you resolve it, okay? So the question is, again, how do we put this all together and kind of distill it down practically so it's very, very simple so that we know how to sustain high performance and we can keep ourselves out of ruts? Okay, so we wanna adjust our promises based on what's realistic and what we can actually do for the prospect. No, not yet. So you're basically selling this for 4k. So the first part of paying questions is really do we just want to isolate the problem. And you're going to see me say this a million times. Wanted to see if I could possibly help you get some clarity. Now, obviously you don't have to do it this way every single time. Yeah, right. Now, like we can get on the same side of the table as him in like, or her or whatever, and like, we just have to bring it to the surface that like, look like, especially with like coaching or something like that, or like a B2C offer. So, we do want to reset their goals and then keep referring back to it. Just generally, what's the worst part about that? I want to make a few key notes before we dive in. I don't think that's, whether it's setters, VSL, any funnel, really, anything less than 20% is a little rough. And then there's things like you mentioned, you don't like, you know, why all of a sudden, just recently, have you been considering moving out of that now, though? Is that right? Because when you frame it like this, how does the leadership structure of your company work? Here's your target. So list all of that out. So, cool. In general, we really don't want to mess with anything below 20% of live calls. What did you like? This is a lot less invasive than asking, how much money do you make waiting tables right now? It's like certain tools, many aren't the best. It's dialogue. They walk outside, they go, you know, in the car, whatever. So, you know, just the past month, you've had two people out of all your recruiting efforts, you're able to speak with. But basically, in short, for free leads, or not free leads, but free opt-ins, we call them trailing seven days. When works either, let's say, Monday or Tuesday to speak with him. Okay, wow, you're working 60 hours, not on the calls. So you have to ask yourself, what are your reasons? So we'll see for you to be able to leverage your time. Now, finally, what's really gonna give them clarity here is how we present our offer and position our offer so that it's the perfect bridge, both logically and emotionally, from where they are now to where they wanna be, okay? Now, after all of that, what do you think they're going to tell you? And we're going to get into the reasons why we do that but just to give you one right now. The call disconnected. So that is the transition part. I just went through this. Where did that number come from? And, you know, again, if they ask, would you have about 10 hours a week to dedicate to solving this? Be like, okay, well, I mean, do you feel like it's just like nerves, or? Cause it's like, dude, you're asking the same fucking question. Three years. A big mistake people make is when they transition into their pitch, they do it in this clunky way that makes the prospect feel, oh, man, well, here comes the pitch, and it builds all this sales resistance. You're gonna be calling non-buyer leads or buyer leads, okay, non-buyer leads or buyer leads. So, right now, we went through this. Now in goals for syntax, especially when you're selling a bizarre, okay? And I really want to, hopefully, this will drive that lesson home for you in this call analysis breakdown, okay? Can I ask you another personal question? So like the last time I mean, like, dude, it happens like every single week, but like, I'll have like a meeting with her and she'll be like, Okay, well, like, how's everything going? They're generated in a consistent way, meaning the mechanism which generates the opportunity is the same every single time. So if they're a stickler and it's like, you know, you really do get everything's fine. And then if you do fall into a rut, which you will, I've done all of this stuff to a T. So just make sure, like you're tagging for each step of the funnel, so they can segment a most recent to oldest trailing seven-day list of the people that they want, based on the stage in the funnel. If you could have one impact on the world and be known forever for it, what would it be? Again, you must get a data point. And part of that seems like it's because of the cashflow from your margins. And I just put at the end here, when you're able to, you know, keep that process free flow and not scripted to where you're going question and question and question, what it's going to do is it's going to let the prospect know that you're listening and it's going to be huge for trust and authority. Just from one call review. That's just how good this stuff is, guys. I'm going to do a quick overview just on the key points. And as I just like, think about having kids and think about like, my family in the future, I just want to make sure that they have the best life possible. If they're all ready, totally sold on the fact that they want to be a closer, okay, or let's say you do Amazon FBA. Now, after the video on the committing phase, which is far simpler than this, okay, very, very easy, then you're gonna go through some demos of me actually doing it, and then breaking down what I'm doing as I'm doing it live, okay? So even just like putting them into like, like placing them into, Hey, this is the framework where we need to think about this in order to achieve the goal so that we know what target to shoot for, so that we know if we've hit it or not. What was great? That's where we're going to take the materials that you're going to learn in the curriculum, which is basically everything I've learned throughout my sales career. So some great reading for this is 177 Mental Toughness Secrets of the World. I mean, not much, dude, like 3,500, four grand a month. I mean, we could, it's a good question to follow up this, follow up this with, but like this isn't a guy who's going to DIY. And then you go out and do it, your level of confidence is going to go through the freaking roof. One setter with that volume, though, 600, 800 per month per setter, should get approximately two to five sets a day. I would still use it if I was selling the offer I was selling when I was full-time, my last company I sold for, but the offer I sell now, don't even use it. I know this sounds weird, but they might be like, Oh, you know what, what I really want right now. You know, I like to use my brain. You know, I feel like when they want to charge me more, I just have to pay more. You're gonna get to a point where, might be six months, a year, you're gonna feel this way, right? So we do our support a little differently. Been just relaxing. And that's a lot better than us just feeling like we're interrogating them with our questions when it's more of a natural sort of conversation. And he's not going to prescribe you anything, any drugs until he completes that process. But these are best used pretty much right after you do one of those, okay? Confirm that they don't have to reschedule. OK, is that gross, or is that net? Is there anything else you would change? So this is how we sell problem aware markets. You don't have to do any of the marketing. The current situation is that on a surface level, they have a headache. Essentially, it's likely somebody who is qualified, but they're just like not interested, they're not open-minded, they're not open to anything at all. So after you script this, drill it till it's burned into your brain, and the more you drill it to, the more you'll be able to work out kind of the wording in it so that it really rolls off nicely, because a lot of times, the first time you script it, when you say it out loud, it won't sound good at all. The real issue is always going to be lack of resourcefulness. Thanks, man. Oh dude, I can't get clients. And I'm not talking to their parents. So based on everything you shared with me, I do feel like we can definitely help, okay? Because once they have this, they're clear, and they're like, OK, finally, like, I have this sense of clarity. I'm also sure as you can appreciate, like when you say that, like, I don't really know what you mean. They don't even believe that if they bought from you or whatever, they don't even think let's say making $40,000 a month in their market as a real estate agent is possible, okay? And what that actually gave me was a sense of confidence to where I just came that, that's how I closed all 10 in a row, is because I just knew I didn't need any one of those people so it was just like, you know, I have so many plates spinning that my indifference to the outcome was so high that it just gave me a lot more influence and allowed me to detach myself and just care about what was best for the person. Also, what are you listening to in the mornings, right? And very first, and you can mention too, I always said it twice. You immediately reschedule. Or if you want to. Here's the other thing I was going to say, it came back to me. So, okay, great, lead generation's your problem, well, what are you currently trying to do to generate leads right now? Like things, things we like about that, things we don't like about that. We do this because the pillars by themselves mean nothing to the prospect. So for instance, if your offer was, if your four pillars were offer, offer, organic lead gen, paid traffic, and systems, most people, like if your offer's structured correctly, they're struggling with offer, pillar number one, and organic lead generation, they don't have enough leads, pillar number two. We have, I think you guys are hopefully getting the point by now, but calling no-shows is an example as well. Now in my offer, by naturally diving into like the pain and chunking it down, you know, we're gonna get towards the revenue, right? And in terms of Facebook group, we also have a Facebook group. How do you know what's coming in from each one, right? And you might ask this one and then now you also find out they have fulfillment issues so you can position your solution to relieve them of that as well. Now, a little bit more advanced here, if you want to throw it in here, is, okay, well, for instance, you know, just suspend disbelief for a moment, and let's pretend that you were already at 2K a month. Now let's further understand emotional states here. Why now? I've seen this in a lot of scripts, and a lot of times, what this turns into, this two-minute vague overview, is people just stating their deliverables, which is also the second one, is people are taught, well, state the top three or four or five, whatever, features of your product, and the benefits of those features, and then the advantage of those. When their lower self shows up at the end of the call and their actions aren't aligning with their words, we must take a stand for them and remind them and realign them of what they told us earlier on the call and remind them and really kind of center them on who do they want to be. Still, we have the SOPs. So for the same reasons this fits those curated opportunity three qualities, obviously, your buyers does as well. Why can't you just tell me what you do? There's a handsome guy on the page. Okay, I actually meant to put 30 calls here. Do you feel like you have? So, you know, what will, the obvious question is then what are you exactly trying to accomplish in business right now? And then based on that, I can pair you up with something to be relevant and useful for you. But a lot of people just don't do this. Boom, and then we kind of seed this, you know, if you wanna go deeper on what it's like to work with us, he can tell you about that too, transition right to the alternative calendar close, okay? I can really ask about this at any time without it breaking rapport, okay? Or like what happened? And I was going for this record in sales and for like the last 10 days, I had so much energy. How would you be spending that time otherwise? That's totally fine, okay? So the reason behind the goal. That's what matters. But this is like one, two sentences. It would sound a little bit weird, but actually finding out where they're at initially. They just see it as, well, I should be spending money on advertising. And the larger the gap is, I mean, you don't want it so big to where they just don't even believe it's possible, right, like the buying pocket. Because once you're able to do that, and you're able to like cement it in, then, because you have it memorized, you're able, it'll make it really easy to tailor it to your prospect's situation on the fly. And these are the reasons why what you're doing is so important, all right? Is it more powerful for me to say, I'm gonna help you craft and script out your pitch, or is it more powerful to say this? I hate to ask this, but what are you going to do if nothing changes? Great, so let's get into the game plan. There's still a lot of valuable stuff in here, but this is especially critical if you're a new sales rep. Do you have any sort of predictable strategy that if you follow exactly, you know, you'll start getting consistent dates with women you really like? So we wanna kind of restretch that, and then go back into it. So you want them, they're prioritizing new flow. So it's not like in that situation, it's not going to be like, well, you said that your spouse was supportive type of type of thing, like, that's just going to be like weird. So I just kept repeating that. Like in my example, I help you with your pitch, that's foundational. That's in a previous training in the VSL section. But this is a good one to really qualify them. We're just laying the foundations right now, guys. I mean, it doesn't seem, like, too far off from what I'm doing now. Pendulum swing. Beautiful, man. So basically, here's how it works. And then they're generated in a consistent way every single time, meaning the context of how it's coming in is the same, right? And just make sure you keep a good space between each of those points. Or, does that make sense? How much money did you do in August? And if you remember, in the very, very first video, in, like, video one, okay, we were talking about how, well, purpose is the highest driver of behavior, and then identity is the second highest driver of behavior, more so than beliefs, more so than values, more so than the environment, all of those things, right? So you'll use that to train all your current sales reps, as well as all the ones that you hire in the future. So what's your target goal over the next 90 days? So do you feel like that may possibly be the support you're looking for this time around? So earlier on the call, did I hear you say that x, whatever you took notes on, is a good way to bring that back up? Well, like, look, I totally want her to be on board. Does he like it? And worked with a lot of the top known names in this industry, a lot of guys that all of you guys should know that you probably see their ads all the time. So as always, we're going to tab over. It's going to be an amazing couple of weeks, and you are going to find tremendous value in this training. If, for instance, let's say I'm teaching somebody how to grow their business to $100,000 a month. And there's three specific frames in terms of influence and in terms of sales that we want to bring on and hold on every single coal. So it's not a bad call by any means, but at the same time, over the process of 20, 25, 30 calls, this would start to feel much more dialed in. So you see how I kind of just hit a few things there, and then I just, is that spot on, or do you feel like I missed anything at all? It'll be super natural, et cetera. I kind of know the, you know, he's on the phones all day, every day. So is that something you want to explore? OK, now that's gross. So sometimes with, maybe it's a little bit of a bigger company. So, we want to use this one. Just be honest with yourself, all right? So maybe you say, gotcha. Let's just do a 1K deposit. He just basically told you again, and more importantly, told himself that he has a problem. All of the time. And that's because their inputs dictate their outputs. It just simply doesn't work. You know, let's say you sell for, I'm trying to think of one of your guys's, you know, let's just, I'm going to just make up somebody. You're going to get the buy-in on that and tie that down. So you see how when we do it like that, it's like, okay, great. Exactly? What are your thoughts on that? And, you know, I'll be honest with you guys. Two, generated a consistent way, meaning the mechanism in which it's generated is the same every single time. And then, I got my calendar open now. You know, when works for you, et cetera. Which is what you're taught to ask. And then we're gonna drill this again and again till it becomes super natural, and again, I would rather it be natural than follow the frameworks like to a T, and you'll kinda see how I do that in my demo, okay? A lot of times, and maybe not in this situation, we'll see. Now, I'm going to give you the specific syntax I use to ask these questions, which is going to help you tremendously. Now, if you let her get off the phone, and then you let her go to try to sell this guy on why she should pay 5K for this, you know, basically, in his mind, random thing she found on the internet, what do you think's going to happen, okay? And then worst case scenario, you know, sometimes when you kind of hit it right out of the blue and it's not based on what's already organically come up in the conversation, it can kind of derail things a little bit. So when we hold this frame, it's not only really influential because we have independence of the outcome, we're totally committed to what's best for them. So before we get into the actual setter processes, let's look at the funnel. They're willing to invest in mentors so they can get the support in building the skills and the mindset to be able to achieve what they want. Like, how much more benefit-rich and compelling is that than, yeah, man, you get a course. I could have just brought up a lucid chart thing right here and did some stuff. So look, what I'd be willing to do for you is let you in for half. They're more responsive, and they've actually probably gotten a lot more value from your company because they're actually going through the product. I mean, if he was spending 10 hours a week on sales calls in 50 hours a week on fulfillment and working, like, cause there's people like that. Just block off the first 60 minutes and do two a week, OK? And this is really what's gonna prime you to get into kind of a flow state. I'll show you that in a little bit. So eventually, you're going to start to ask questions that will lead into finances. This is what you need to be able to do to be able to get to 180 pounds, feel healthy, feel mobile for the first time in the past 10 years. Where are you stuck right now? Well, why, you know, at the very, very easiest level is just, why is that important? So I would only use this if there's some big, big red flags, otherwise, you know, if they're doing probably 8K, 10K a month wouldn't worry about it. So I don't want to sound like a broken record here, but as always, please like, when you're going through the committing phase of the call, or the pitching phase, or any of this stuff, it should sound natural, like you should have this down to an extent to where it's natural, it's part of your being, and it doesn't sound scripted. Did I hear you say that if you're able to fix your lead generation, that ultimately you'll be able to send your kids to private school? They also might have inaccurate timelines. Got it real quick. Why, all of a sudden, after three years, is this something you're no longer willing to settle for right now? Well, and so it's mainly on the phone. So let's say you do sell coaching. Or were you thinking like six months in terms of a timeframe is just simply realistic, and you weren't aware there's much bigger and better possibilities? Offer to close is offers divided by closes. So one out of five should answer the phone on average. And then the second call is gonna start with a quick recap here and then pitch, committing phase, objections. Or like creating doubt there. I was like Black Mamba in the zone because I could see the light at the end of the tunnel. And then I kind of mentioned this already, but the explanation of our solutions, or our pitch, should explain simultaneously why everything in the past that they've tried hasn't worked and why this is going to be different at the same time. You'd be surprised. I'm just going to tell him I have no money, right? And then, for each of these, there's gonna be a specific syntax that you're gonna use. So without further ado, let's get into it. A lot of good things going on here. If you just do it at the same times every night, it really helps regulate, I don't know if it's your emotions or your neurochemicals or whatever it is, but it really, really helps. In 7-FSA, we use these generally, OK? So I like to get to the numbers first because that reveals really what's going on. You can use the same exact script and get two entirely different results, because remember, going back up here, there's these three filters, and that's what our brain uses subconsciously because we want to conserve as much energy as possible, how to accept what ideas to be true versus what ideas not to be true, okay? I was getting up and working out in the morning, and I'm not doing any of that now, right? I can't tell you how many times people will start to give you their numbers and be like, man, I just didn't realize it was that bad. If it's like that much of a conversation is just to simply say, what does your wife think about those 50 to 60 hour weeks? I mean, so is she pretty much on the same page that this is a problem that you guys need to get, you know, get off your plate? They'll probably have good credit as well, all right? Oh, man, and then they go on about how much they hate their job, and then they could finally spend more time with their kids and their spouse, and et cetera, et cetera, and sometimes that is enough for people to invest 10K, to be able to make that shift. If you're using a VSL, your bread and butter setter-wise is going to be the calling and the texting. Your lagging indicators you wanna be ruthless about, but sometimes they're out of your control, right? It's a good solution based question. This is also very, very commonly called the domino belief, or the central marketing thesis. Okay, so if lead generation is the biggest bottleneck right now then, for you to get to $100,000 a month, I mean when it comes to the lead gen, what do you think is stopping you from figuring that out on your own, okay? Also, are you hitting your projections weekly, right? So I actually just hit one here. So just don't forget, you got to look at the actual call and temp check the quality of these calls as well. Ryan at marketingconsulting.com. Like four months. And then a consequence question with follow-ups, depending on which answer they give. Then we're going to go over, actually, not four, but five ways to bump up their goals and bump them back into the pocket. Anything you feel like we haven't covered that you feel like I need to know? I could say, in my training, we're gonna have group coaching sessions where I train you on how to ask the right questions on your sales calls to be able to handle objections, right? So what we're gonna do when we go through our pitch, and I'm gonna give you exact scripting. So, where do you wanna go from here? And also, finally, professional services offers, which is more of a two-call close, like an agency, branding agency, et cetera. So don't overcomplicate it. Well, OK. So just to let you know, there's going to be two sections, like subsections within the training for you to go into from here. However, on most calls, people just don't do this stuff. So were you able to find that okay in the email, right? So I want to circle back to what you said there in just a moment, but I think first, what really helps is beginning with the end in mind. I mean, you might only need one in the entire conversation. So it's like, with the sales rep example, the first thing, or the last thing we're gonna do is hire a sales rep, okay? You're going to get, you know, the exact biggest, my biggest challenge is this, right? There's a lot of them, but they're not as good. Here's the dating example I gave. That's his offer for gray. Because the context of which these conversations are generated aren't the same every time, when a setter's in your personal inbox, unless they're pretty damn good and they get it, they're going to have trouble. Building the right ecosystem is how you create a highly profitable sales pipeline. So don't try to get all worried if they haven't tried stuff. Your offer codex. What does the actual sales process look like? So it's like now like the, Oh, I've tried Grant Cardone stuff in the past. How would that impact you? I've been the top performing rep for three different companies in the past five years, one of which is Traffic and Funnels. Do they need to be on this call? Look guys, this stuff is critically important. That said, you could really do it in any order. So, you've probably heard in body language to have a large posture, take up a lot of space, shoulders back, head up, and to have this large, open posture, okay, to where you're not crossing your arms, you're not crossing your legs. So basically, when we go back two or three months back, that's a very powerful way to get finances and to dig into the company revenues. How many calls are you gonna get booked? Then we want to ask a doubt question. So you see how right there, I just like diluted the question with all of that diary of multiple questions there. So I just kind of was like, since we were talking about it, I got to cover finances and resources, right? But you can still call the leads. Okay, so if your communication has these three things behind it, the more likely somebody else, i.e. your prospect, is going to accept that to be true. If you just do this, you're probably going to alleviate most of the problems, and it's so simple, okay? Like we're selling this for, you know, seven grand a pop. What up guys, Cole here, and if you're on this page, I should just put the console with me and my team in the next few days, so in the meantime, I wanted to give you some concrete next steps, so you know how to show up as prepared as possible to get as much value as possible out of our time together. I believe, and I think it's pretty obvious, the coaching consulting space is very saturated and very competitive nowadays. Or sorry, we went through the promise, bridge, and delivery in this video, so we went through the pitching phase. We're 50-50 in the business, but he totally trusts me to make decisions, and, you know, obviously it's 10K, but, you know, if I think it's the best thing for our business, he's gonna be okay with that. So oftentimes I'm very educational, I'm explaining why the market's failing, the problems with the market, reason why people out there are stuck and what's happening because they're stuck, the problems with that, and I'm weaving in the prospects language to it to make it super customized. So now we're getting into paying questions again, right? Great. So you obviously want to make the promise relevant and credible, but you should sort of have some sort of baseline level of promise. Know they can't fix it on their own, have compelling reasons why they want to fix it. Okay, we gotta do that. Don't worry about the fancy names, because that's what we're gonna do in step five. Before the price drop, it is much easier. Shouldn't take long. So if you can do it now, we can make something work. Right, has your partner heard about me and what I do? Generally yes, but, generally no, but. Oh, okay, yeah, they actually have 100 agents that they provide leads for, and just through we helping them providing leads, we added an additional three million in total GCI in under nine months, and that market's a seller's market too, similar to you. But I wanted to show you an audio example, and a video example is going to be one of the other ones in this week. And then I go, which is basically the exact same, and I just roll through these really fast. And it's because they are in total alignment, likely, with the ideas that they're presenting because they've actually done it, okay? If they're more near the left side, they don't even believe it's possible, okay? If you just YouTube Tom Bailu's interview with Edward Dessy, you'll probably get the gist without having to read the book because it is fairly academic and kind of boring, but his research is very, very good. Because I know with group funnel, man, so much of what you're going to get out of that is all really the group joins. And a lot of times, that self-fulfilling prophecy will become true, and he's going to admit he has no money, right? Recruiting, send. If he got the ammo that you need, it's fine, right? And so, I mean, you really haven't looked into any type of real serious help in terms of getting off the phones. Throughout the 12 weeks, you're working with us. I mean, it's just not even a comparison, like I look like I'm a fucking killer in this one, and then I look like I'm a total bitch in this one, who do you wanna buy from? So after like a need payoff type of question or even sometimes after the vision depending on if you go there. What they like, what they didn't like, and so on and so forth. Other than the obvious ones, in what ways does the inconsistent lead flow your business impact the growth of your company and the overall vision you have for it as a CEO? Now, sometimes, I mean, most of the time, guys, just depending on how people, how forthright people are about their challenges and what's going on, you know, a lot of times in terms of doubt, I'll usually just do this part here that I've highlighted and that's it, okay? And they're delegated through Close on the contact record to the setters. That's why we're on this phone call. Gotcha, Pinterest, and then you're in sales for them. And also ask yourself, is your vision inspiring? So something along those lines, I just made that up on the spot. They don't have a plan, right? I've been actually asking it more in like the pain discovery parts earlier on. Well, we can't use them until we've at least isolated the pain. what they thought of you a lot, okay? You're gonna hear me say that a million times. Okay, so. We always, even if we get a spouse, partner, or finance objection, we always wanna eliminate the uncertainty objections first, okay? And the best way to set the vision is where it kind of balances both of those to where it's like a stretch, but you can see it, okay? So I just want to clear up any confusion there. So right now our current marketing approach, out of the leads that are coming in, none of them are the people that we really want to get after. So it's a little bit more of an intelligent way to get to the doubt and it also actually is more effective because we're really narrowing down what the real bottleneck is for them to move forward and why they can't figure it out. And someone like this, the guy's on the phone all day, every day, like I just can intuitively tell he has enough money to where it's worth putting on the calendar. So it's an easy way to stay out of sales frame, like, oh my God, I'm trying to, you know, avoid the objections type of thing. Or is that just those two deals specifically? Another sales myth is that men are better than women, which is not only not true, it has nothing to do with gender, more so energy. I don't know how smoothly that came off to you guys. You may or may not be able to solve that but you know 95% of the time am I wrong? So to do this, to like transition into the kind of this part here, you also have to know like what they're currently using or doing to try to fix the problem. We're going to let them sit in the weight of their pain, just as a doctor would. Not double dialing. Like, they just don't get it. 4 p.m. Central Time. So that's what you're gonna learn. It's like right now it looks like you're going to go this way, right? Doing good, dude. And that's a little thing here is, a lot of times, you know, I don't have this need in the information gathering phase to like do a mini recap after every little thing that they say, you know, or kind of like reflect back to them every little thing that they say every single time that they're done. Part of the reason we brought it out is because like I got a few referrals. That's all gross numbers. But permission, reason why, question, you can use it for. Do I have that correct? I think you get the point. So a few quick things here. We're going to do this through like general just probing questions. And he always, he uses a really good example that's, if you think of like a coffee cup, right? If you make this sale, and again, I would tie down again, if you make this sale, they'll buy every time, if they have money. No, you don't. Are they following the things they said they were going to do? Also in your program, actually do it because it hooks them into the program. Not, we wanna hit them every month, but, you know, every week, you're gonna have weeks where you miss, right? So who you're working with. You're getting DMs from people you talked to six months ago, people who just found out about you, people who you did a JV webinar with two weeks ago, and then they just found out about you, and they think it's you that they're talking to. So you can either dive right into it then after you ask these, or you can write it down, and then later on the call, say, so early on the call, did I hear you say that, and then whatever they said. What's it gonna mean to me if I hit those from a growth standpoint, from an income standpoint? So this will get you to here, right? We're eliminating that before we even get to it. So this isn't like, I don't want you to think this is like super high energy, Energizer Bunny stuff. I'm not saying that's bad. I'm a total proponent of that stuff. Beautiful dude. Think of tactical roadblocks, mindset problems. So let's talk about the importance of speed. So this is a good rule of thumb as well. So send, saw you watched our video on appointment setter. And I said that earlier, you know, what's going to happen if, you know, obviously if she's going to make him quit, so are you going to get a nine to five? It was actually the first training I ever created, but I created it because when I launched my business, I launched it off the back of creating that pre-pitch training, and I just do, I was like, I didn't really know what I was doing at the time, but I was like, man, whatever I'm doing here, if I sell people on this thing, if I land this pre-pitch, they buy every time, you know? So, the three to five steps we're gonna create, aka your pillars is what I'll probably call them. Straight Line Leadership, and Leaderships by John Maxwell. Okay, okay, great. And doing this not only helps you get clear on the severity of the pain and the context and all that stuff, it also creates doubt because they get to see how bad their situation really is. And then I can tell you what makes sense based on my situation. Then we're going to move on to information gathering, where essentially, we're going to be asking questions using Socratic dialogue to be able to build the seven beliefs that we talked about, and also be able to understand if and how we can help somebody, eliminate objections before the close, and anything else that we need to know, just to really be able to pitch them a solution to what is their said problem. So, you want to make sure the desired situation around the new goal that you set with them. And when you're doing that and you do it with permission, you'll get a much more compliant response. And I just put ICN, but that's inspiration, clarity, necessity. And then number two, if you can't stand out and you're just the same as everybody else, then you're a commodity. However, it shouldn't be the centerpiece of the opportunity that they have, which is the common theme of these not examples. Answer your question. For $47 buyers, maybe, you know, four to 500 minimum is where I would test. There's a lack of contribution because he's super passionate about what he does. So you'll probably screw this up at first, but the best way to learn is by actually doing it. You bump into somebody that just doesn't know their numbers, right? Okay, that makes sense. So, you know, I'm curious, like why all of a sudden you've been doing it this way for three years? But I'm trying to assess, do they have the processes to solve these future problems that they're gonna come into? It's very good. And we're asking questions like that to understand the full context and severity of the problem, okay? So we'll talk about how to use these seven beliefs as a checklist, but for now, just start thinking about that. I'm just trying to give you an example. You know, I know, I know this is like your first running with us and I want to give you the most valuable information possible. You'll be able to fall back on and interview with any of our clients. Now, ultimately, what's the goal is like the vaguest question ever, right? So this links it to what the pain is keeping them from doing, okay? You're going to have phone numbers coming in from the VSL opt-ins daily. And it's going to make the case study feel a lot more real. So it's like, if you're willing to, man, I mean, if you're willing to settle, settle for being in the same exact spot three years from now that you are now, how do you expect me to even be able to help you as a client so you can put it back in their court? It is totally believable. And they're going to have an aha, and they're going to get that. I should have mentioned that earlier in the training. And then, so what they're gonna do from there is load all those up to their power dialer, and then work down the list from recent to oldest, okay? So these are super simple rudimentary examples but very, very easy to understand in terms of like we buy things to achieve states, okay? Then when he got to the close, it was just way more than what he was thinking. And that said, let's get into it. So you guys had an example of like, I would normally ask that question after the one I just asked. A lot of top nine names that you would know probably in the space that you see their ads all the time. I'll have background and pain and a lot of times solution and finances. Can't have, there's no negative effects of asking it. I don't know when you're listening to this, but hope you're having a great year and we'll see you in the next journey, guys. I mean, that just seems mindless to me. I could have ended that a little bit better. The last time I got help with my lead generation, I joined a group coaching program, and there'd be so many people on the calls. The next thing is the committing phase. Cause I don't think the best thing for you is like delay because you're trying to save up the 5,800 in total and you'll end up doing nothing. Let's say for the rest of this training, we're going to imagine that we have a program that teaches agency owners how to start and grow their agency, and we just got somebody on the phones, they want to be at 2K a month in the next six months, okay? Email sequence is going to drive to the group. I know there's a lot of dialers out there. Is that cool? Are you ready to buy yet? You don't tell them anything. Is that something you're moving forward with right now? And that's why with those verticals, cost is so important. So that is the button down. So we do this through chunking down and a lot of times like in a business ROI offer, for instance, it just, it's, it's natural to lead into finances and the financial based questions when you chunk down about something like, let's say lead generation. So what our goal is, is to build these seven beliefs using skilled questions before we transition into our pitch. And you know, I really hate to ask you this, but what's your plan if nothing changes? Let's just pretend you already talked to her and she was like, look, Ryan, whatever you wanna do, go for it. Anything else you want to add? But like, it wasn't, I mean, like, there's also things that I wanted, you know, like, I wanted to go on better vacations, like, I wish my dad was at home more. So this is again, like I wouldn't have asked that question here. What's far more important is cultivating an environment and team culture that creates the intrinsic motivation for salespeople to want to do massive follow-up for their reasons, not your reasons, okay? So this'll be a super cool training, probably be pretty short, but it's one of those ones that this'll be like one of the little hinges that swing big doors. Oh, I enrolled both two. And then be like, sometimes, too, they'll just appease you, and they'll be like, oh, yeah, I'm at a nine. I wanna get to five grand a month, right? So the new way is the pitch codex, and really a lot of this is inspired by old school direct response in terms of how they used to change their marketing in response to market sophistication. After the second call, then you voicemail, text, email, okay? What about getting to 50 grand a month is important to you personally, though? So like what are bad inputs? It's very clear, very simple, and it's just, it's easy to digest, okay? If, let's say they come on the phone, and their problem is the marketing, right? And then that gives our setter basically a triage call where he might be able to set somebody who's good, and he's going to vet that app for the closer. I almost expect that with everybody. Instead, just say, gotcha. So, like, what I always say is, one being like, I hate this guy, just like, want to get off the phone ASAP. OK, so based on what you pay yourself, how much is left over after your monthly expenses for you to put away and save? Like, that problem is your bitch, okay? Like, if you're around our teams, and later in the training, you'll be able to see some of our team meetings, you could tell, like, our team is, like, we live and die on our projections. And it's like, nobody, if you're having an intellectual discussion, and you're being a leader, and you're providing amazing level of insight, nobody's gonna be a dick and just say, well, just tell me the price. So if they're ever rambling or getting off track or they're just not focused and they're not answering the question as pointed as you need them, you need to realign them. I got you, bro. We just go through that sequence that I gave you. So, it's kind of the same thing here. So that's a little bit of more of a long putt, if you want to use a golf analogy. You go back into these, and you find out, okay, in March, I was super in pocket, right? So we'll start that off with something like, OK, so when you come in, the very, very first thing we're going to do is build out what I call your pitch codex. I mean, everybody in this program is into personal growth. Because then you're going to 13, like worst case scenario, you should get 10 because if you got 10, it would mean your guys were closing 15%, right? As of this writing, I've worked with 42 seven and eight figure sales teams, actually way more than that at this point. Because if there's a lack of leadership here, there's a good chance that you're in a rut for one reason or another. That's gonna take us down to another four, four and a half grand a month, okay? I totally understand. So let's say the biggest challenge is, you know, lead generation. So what we're gonna cover in this training is how I produced 2.4 million a year in cash from long-term follow-up, three keys to a highly profitable sales pipeline. And I've used to use what's called the basic transition, and I really used to use what's called the pre-pitch, which is in the bonus section of this training in the far back. But you can do it in your normal pitch as well. Like, if you really listen for their tonality, you'll be able to tell, they'll be like, I mean, yeah, I mean, if you could do those four things, I mean, that is exactly what I need, right? And the downside is it's not really there. Why can't they figure that out? And then, that way, when you talk to him, he can be brought up to speed on what you guys like really need so you guys can get it running. This is why we set projections and we reverse engineer. We wanna remain in downward or equal. Now, at the same time, using trust-based language, neutral-based language, doesn't mean you become a little bitch, all right? Is that something you're willing to settle for? Okay, so this is for our B2C. That's easy to do with the general probing questions. Like what, what is it keeping you from being able to do, right? I got some thoughts on that, but we're going to circle back to that in a little bit. So if we're talking about leads, and, you know, we get into that, then we get into revenues, then we chunk down the revenues. It's a little bit different. There's going to be a thank you page that drives to a group. We still want to reverse engineer. You just never know. This training is on cost questions, OK? What would that do for you? Okay, so the names, what happened, what was great, what could be improved. But when it comes to getting help, what exactly do you feel like you need? Okay, so we really wanna not only understand these and know what they are, but know actually how to influence these and use these to our advantage if we're in sales. That means like they physically do not have the money. If I thought we could call people that were 30 days, 60 days, 90 days old, and set them, I would do it. There's obviously an issue there as well. Plus, it's not like 50 to 100 people. So we wanna make sure they're 100% bought in on the process before we move on to the investment or anything else. So, you know, let's start, let's begin with the end of the end in mind here. So either way with any problem, we want to stretch the time and then there's two things that are going to happen. And it's like, I'm curious, why all of a sudden this transition so important to you now, though? And he'd always come in and he'd always say, what did the S&P 500 produce last month? When do you think you'd have the bandwidth to be able to implement this so that you can fix it and be able to get to $30,000 a month? Week seven, we hit follow up and pipeline. No, I have to change. So this is not the total KPIs for the VSL funnel, like cost per call and ROAS and all that stuff. And you're going to call through all of these people in your last hour, hour and a half during the prime time. So I have whole videos stressing the importance of this. That one's not like the best. Um, you know, I'm curious, but I mean, is there any other reason this is important now? There is pain, doubt, cost, desire, money, support, and trust. Now I'm going for like, well, what other personal goals, you know, just to see if there's any level deeper here. So first, we want to know what they've tried in the past to fix the said problem or challenge. There'd be probably 50 to 100 people on a single call, and oftentimes, I'd wait two hours to get my question answered, and then not even end up getting my question answered. So, and now I'm asking more doubt questions. You know, he probably has access to credit. So when we can elicit this, here we are, when we can elicit this, now we can write this stuff down, oh, okay, I want them to think of me as somebody who, like, even though things were tough, I always pushed through and I never got comfortable, right? Let me say something real quick to a really easy one. I think it's okay. Then I'll do exercise and then as I'm exercising, I also either listen to a call that's a win or I'll listen to some inspiring content that's gonna be productive for whatever I'm doing that day. Usually with this, you're going to get them back into the pocket. Curated opportunity streams are generated on a daily or near-daily basis. Even though with this guy, he probably just would have told me. So knowing this framework down here, it's going to help us understand where we need to nudge the prospect. Now, if you're selling every single day, listen to sales. And you just go right into revenue, right? The first one is full range of expression. This is going to be four steps to get you from zero control on your sales calls to a consistent 30% closing ratio in about eight weeks time. They'll be like, okay, I'm ready. Other times you'll have to set it if the prospect has to go, go somewhere else, whatever. There's maximizing your potential and then also creating consistency in your performance, eliminating ruts, okay? But two and three will be the Facebook ad system, X, Y, and Z, et cetera. He works closely with the clients and especially guys in your industry. So I hate that phrase. So that's really, really big. Not feel like outcasted subpar to par part of excellence is like, um, you know, same thing. Okay, well, what's the biggest reason you already, you want already there? It also has to eliminate the fear of success, okay? Right in the middle of discovery. But if you want to really go deeper on the different types of questions you can ask, this is the week. So, what we're looking for, because, basically, there's a few things that can happen here. Based on how I just did that, do you think that person's certain? So remember like last Friday for you guys that were here, there was like, I talked about how there's, you know, there can be like three, two to three big problems for your market. So we'll get into that in a second. We're just looking for a clear problem. What number would have you really excited? This was a real example. And that's, I'm going to give you guys kind of two main scripts. You might've hit your hedge and everything, and you have a really bad week. Well, we gotta stretch that bad boy. That's literally what I do on my calls. How long, what have you tried? And you can see too, this is even like a 20% call to close ratio, okay? What about November? Right, well, let me tell you why, OK? I just wanted to talk again about not coaching the prospect or softening their situation, okay? Epic. Well, they can dig in, see how the consult went, and then eventually pivot to the golden question of, well, what's changed since you talked to Brad and June? Like how much time would you need? That one guys, if we were to invite you in, suppose that we invited you in, taught you all this stuff. Like, we know at this point we need to provide that curated lead flow, but how much do you provide per setter per month or per week, okay? They'll be like, oh no, he's not involved, and it's totally my decision to make, so no worries. And not just that, but it's the age of transparency on the internet, right? This one, we're going to talk about what's called the belief ladder, which is something that probably about four or five months into my selling career full time. So instead of having to hard close or convince the prospect to buy our product or service at the end of the call, the prospect's going to close themselves. First and foremost, very simple, very clear, OK? Let me know if that makes sense. Why do my reasons matter? So I'm a little sick. So when you hear this stuff, you just know, okay, I need to parlay into that and that'll help you also get clear on the pain overall. And you're absolutely certain, okay? So sometimes it's just not worth booking that second call because especially if you're a full-time sales rep, if you know your marketing is gonna book you with six calls a day every single day from inbound and you're making offers on 80% of those calls, well, if you book a second call in that same time slot, you're taking away from a new appointment you would've made an offer on and you're throttling your calendar. So we can just see kind of like, if there's a pathway for us to be able to do this now, at the very least, you can have kind of a game plan of what you need to work towards in the future. So it's kind of like reverse engineering the sale. It's almost like projecting confusion to get them to realize that they're outside of social norms, and then they recalibrate, okay? And it's permission. ClickFunnels, and this is also like the buy-in to the method, or the sale of the method. And this is really, really good for creating a frame that you're serving and you're a part of something that's bigger than yourself. So then what we're gonna do is we're gonna hedge for 13 while keeping our projection at 10. OK, so now we're kind of chunking down here again. So then I use this phrase, and this is gold, okay? So if I wasn't delivering on what I say through my long track record, you'd be able to type in Larissa Spivak scam, and you'd see everything out on the internet. And then as soon as it comes in, they wanna text, and they wanna double dial. That's what I mean by first identifying the source, finding the baseline. So this all stuff, it just fluidly kind of goes together. That's how you would do it. So it doesn't follow this second point here, guys. I mean, I would've just said it. You go back onto your end of day and your end of week reviews. What would, these are some ninja ones, okay, but what would your spouse slash family think of you if you got to the goal, right? And more than likely, if he's doing $20,000 a month and his margins are decent, if he wants to do my program, he's going to do my program, period, right? And I'm not negative, but, uh, you know, the biggest thing is just, I don't know how to scale my time. Like we'll refund them and we'll just like, let them go. It was totally me, man. Maybe we'll add it in the future, but I don't think it's really gonna matter, guys. So that means 63% of the people that answer the phone, you're gonna make an offer to because you can help them because your marketing's getting you the right people on the phone. So you want to handle the objection, you know, ask clarifying questions to understand what the objection really is. Now, the note-taking system, you already guys learned that in week three. And 10 being I have basically the resources to do whatever I want. They'll either say, oh, no, no, I definitely got to change. So in what ways does your body weight and your confidence in your body, you know, show up in your relationships with men and, you know, and also your sex life? Are they supportive of you trying to fix whatever the challenge is? I like to solve problems. So this is some simple stuff, and if you listen to any of my calls, you'll see me doing this as just basically a natural habit at this point, but for a lot of people, just because of our social conditioning and how we're raised, we don't really communicate like this, and there's a certain way we do want to communicate on a sales call. So, as you're gonna see, there's gonna be four pillars, and after each one, we always wanna say, does that make sense, OK? To get good at this, go through problems-first syntax and goals-first syntax and just know you're not gonna run that whole syntax on a triage call, you just wanna do enough, just enough, to understand if and how you can help the person, okay? I just haven't found a better way in which you can really get people indoctrinated into what you do and your content and, you know, your client results and all this stuff. It's just the best way to do it. And I know, hopefully, this kind of seems like common sense. As I noticed when I was doing my coaching, because sometimes I had to kind of reshape the beliefs of the prospect and I had to break down limiting beliefs and rebuild empowering beliefs. Last thing is the delivery. Remember that simplicity is the ultimate form of sophistication, and when in doubt, keep it simple superhero. Strategy number two is, do they have an inaccurate timeline, okay? You know, I always make sure that I know what's keeping them up at night. So then you're going to go into a background question, all right, and as you'll see throughout this entire thing, you know, these questions, it's not like, okay, we only ask pain questions. We're talking to somebody next Tuesday about YouTube ads as well. So I almost use this every time, especially if they've tried something very similar to what I'm going to offer down the road. Those are going to be the main two. To be honest dude, I haven't looked at it. Yeah, it's in the it's in my secrets group free group He's a he writes for a lot of big names Kevin Rogers Few other guys and does their ads this recent. So, like, how does that compare to three months ago, a year ago, three years ago, right? All of this stuff is just for the setters for the VSL portion, OK? Like, they're almost just an idiot, okay? And it's just this routine of training like your being to when you say something, it happens, okay? So you ask somebody what their problem is, what you're going to get oftentimes, you're not going to get like the answer, you're going to get a story. So for instance, I was working with a team not too long ago to where they had 15 setters and five closers, and their setter team was just doing terrible, and they could barely get above 10 sets a week per setter. No, right? There's certainty, significance, love and connection, growth, contribution, okay? And this is so important, and I'm really excited to teach this to you guys, because it's, I mean, I wish I would have known how to do this, and it's so simple when I first started, because it would have saved me so many deals. And in just 90 days, John's, I mean, he's not at 100, but he's already doing 50 grand a month. It's because of the delivery. When you state it twice, they write it down. We also wanna use this part of the call to eliminate objections and concerns before they come up. What's the goal? And what we're trying to do is flip-flop that and get you to 80-20. And that's what our best clients have. I'm giving you our best practice, but it does really, really vary. This is another really good one. You know, it's like, oh, wow. I know with what I have, I can change the lives of other people. Okay, who really cares? I think in one month in June, I closed like 80%. I can send you my application if you want it. They might be able to invest, but they're not willing, right? Does she agree that you need outside help? So, I'm not coming down on you here for any of this stuff. I'm just not an expert in that where I'd make it. Good, man. Now granted, when you create your own internal training, I wouldn't be as in-depth, right, as I am in some of these weeks, and some of these things, I mean, you don't wanna create a thesis of sales like I have, like I'm trying to create the best sales training on the planet, so you're not gonna want, you wanna keep it a little bit more high-level than I have it, but you can see how I've done this, I really hit all the key points, you can create a much simpler, more high-level version of this, modeling what I have in here, okay? But we're going to kind of go, a lot of times, even if they think that's all they really want, you'll see as we go through this, it's not all that they really want. A good one is, let's say they're rambling, they're just not saying anything of value at all, and you need to cut them off and get them back on the straight line, as Jordan Belfort would put it. And honestly, just reading this will change the game for you in terms of sales. I wanna see if he's still in a buying situation before I pitch, because this is my last chance to schedule a second call if he's not in a buying situation. There's uncertainty, spouse, partner, and finances. Like, so two leads last week, um, you know, now we talked earlier about who your perfect client is now to those two, like we're both of them. Also, is there anything else in your environment, friends, family, relationships, your inputs, what your information that you're getting in that's affecting your state negatively? That's not going to help. So if you have a very fast talking New Yorker, this pause at the end is going to be a little bit different than like a kinesthetic from the South who's really slow. Are you sure is a great double committing phrase, or question, I use it all the time. When they ask what's next, you're going to give the onboarding, but you're not going to give the investment yet, okay? That being said, there's more than one ways to skin it to cap, okay? I've seen that time and time again. But do you guys do refunds? So, again, why is this important? So, just give them the benefit of the doubt here at first. Okay, so now that they have control in their mind. Yeah, I'll just go through it with her tonight. I've made upwards of $40,000 a month plus in commissions on a consistent basis and closing 50% or more of ice cold prospects. But the real issue isn't your lack of finances. What does freedom mean to you specifically? I've seen many, many times somebody want to make $5,000, and they invest $10,000 to make $5,000 a month in their business. That is key, guys. So if you don't, sometimes they overbook. The definition of moral authority is not going to be as complicated as scripting. Well, who wants to do that? Just a matter of doing it. You wanna expand a little bit. I'm giving up my Jim Rohn time. We're creating doubt. What was the question? Hey man, are you there? Does he have what it takes? What about the week before that? So then we follow that up with that makes, I mean, look, I mean, we might get enough here to where we don't have to do this, but it's optional. So the classic example is current versus desired income. And that's some funding to you. The first way is gonna be what's called the super basic transition, okay? They're taking the calls all themselves, right? Like, so was there, you know, if I can ask you a personal question, like, was there something that happened to where like all of a sudden, like, you were like, dude, freaking screws at low, man, we got to get off that sucker right now. He doesn't have time to scale. So ultimately, it really becomes an asset for your business that operates as basically your entire sales SOPs, OK? They're probably not going to close on the next call. We just got done with the pitch, right? And this person's like netting, you know, spending 40 grand a month on ads. I made one post on Facebook a few weeks ago, if anybody knew anybody that was hiring for sales. Then we just go high-level promise as normal, just make sure they're in a buying situation, pen and pad, something to take notes with, and that is it. So you might have heard this quote before but focus on if there's a problem to be had not a sale to be made. Cool? Here's the benefits of that. Maybe they wanna buy a house. Like, that stupid trial close that's very salesy, very old school, don't do that. Like that's all he just says, just money, you know? Now don't get me wrong, there's good, better, and best. Like, I don't have a college degree. What we're doing is problem linking. Then after that, we have kind of some bonus stuff. Well, so you're, you're trying, what's keeping you from being able to set it aside? Does that help man? Well, I wanna be speaking with the partner I'm gonna be working with before I work with them. So, and that's just an example of how I would do a story or a case study like that. And it also makes it feel like, it gives them this impression of like man, if I was just able to figure out that one thing, I could get to $100,000 a month and ultimately be able to scale and have a business, not a job, et cetera, et cetera, okay? The biggest thing you can F up in this week is a lack of repetition and a lack of practice. You know, I forget what he says here. Or do you feel like that it's really more of like just the quality of people coming in or kind of a combination of both? I used to have a sales trainer who would tell me that, if you mixed and matched, it messed up the, you need to really have them psychologically feel the pain. A lot of people, especially beginners, you know, really everybody, but, you know, we wanna see somebody who is just like us get results in the program as well, because then we think we can do it, right? OK, well, how are you generating leads right now? And the reason it's gonna be your worst case scenario is we're gonna talk about hedging and the importance of that. I'm also working with a different model where essentially what I'm going to do is hire separate, kind of almost like tier two setters, that only focus on mining the database. And I can almost, you know, I've gotten to the point where I can, like, feel that type of energy, if that's what they have. Somebody say something before I do. But what we found through working with dozens of clients is that the best clients, the ones who really come in and take action and be able to get amazing results within the first 30 days, not only are they very committed to change, but they're also associated with what's going to happen if they don't change. So at the worst case, you can do this at the end, all right? I remember one time one of our sales managers, this is an old team I was on a long time ago. Yeah, yeah, totally. Cole Gordon here, and welcome back to the training. I just made it up. That it's a different version of the, if I was to show you how to make $20,000 a month high ticket closing, is that something you'd be able to move forward with now? Right, so let me do that again because I kind of butchered that. Um, man, so we're now we're going back to, we actually never did talk about revenue goals. And then you want to follow up with these questions. This is really your inputs, and I don't mean like your leading indicator, behavioral inputs like we talked about earlier, this is just your informational inputs, what you're taking in from your environment, all right? They're just not qualified. Probably at normal speed, but then after that, get a few reps in like that, then afterwards, just listen to it everywhere you go at one and a half or two X. What I, there's two types of people, right? Getting to 50 grand a month, would that have an impact on you? This training should be in conjunction with the entire training on the sales process, weeks two and weeks three, especially if you wanna really narrow that down, go into problems first and goals first syntax, and then also there should be a separate week with a questions bank that has the different types of questions, problem-based questions, doubt-based questions, cost-based questions. You know, they might say, oh no, I'm doing this now, right? What about just like last month in total in October? Right, so I'm going to attempt to check back on the process, right? So one minute, 17 seconds rolled through this pretty fast. OK, well, whose decision is that, then? And that goes for your cadence in general, not just your pauses. Does that sound good? What, not any. We'll see you in Objections 101, the first video in the training. So the core questions here. And it will help you eliminate all objections before the close. So there's a very, very connected web of those people. No, okay? It's like a lot of arrows on your quiver that you can use to elicit the responses you need from each of these parts, okay? So now let's move on to resources and willingness. So all that said, this is a myth, women can be some killer salespeople. We want to assign numbers to it. That didn't work. That's the surface level situation of this real estate agent, okay? Read it out loud. I'd recommend having the closers and setters together, but instead of doing a call review every single time for the closers, mix it up and sometimes do a setter training, whether you're reviewing one of their outbound calls, triage calls, or reviewing how they're doing prospecting and messenger. So again, as always, we're going to tab over into the Google Sheets, same Google Sheet as you have and have had. And you can even throw in this bit here. Cause usually like they're, you know, if they're smart and they're good agents, good, it's like a good brokerage. I love this phrase, because it's so true. Right, right. Like I can tell you like, okay, don't use a script that's gonna cripple you, you know, all this stuff. Hedging is basically increasing your activity so high that again, your projection is like your worst case scenario. So the first one is thinking that the tactics will matter more than the fundamental principles, okay? Yeah, definitely. So, you say, okay, well, just curious. I mean, I'm always amazed that you would think everybody would know how to just properly confirm, tie down, and set a follow-up call. Or, or they're like, well, it will change. Anything like that, all right? These things are not mutually exclusive. And I sort of let myself free, like I don't really try to say it word for word every single time. Spouse is straightforward, but a little bit different. You don't need to, you know, go crazy with this and expand it. And so which one of those two people do you want to be? If you have questions about that, guys, let me know, and we can get into that. Turn nine to five, and go full-time in their business. I don't think it's that important. The great thing about identifying that you're in a rut is that you can actually do something about it, but if you never identify it, you are effed, okay? Focus the meetings on those as well, not just all of the closers. They're gonna be like that's silly unless the inlet there's probably something like that, but Yeah, a good primary strategy. Now if we have a ruthless independence of the outcome, the real question is, what do we put our attachment on? What's up guys, Cole here. So you want to have really good stuff here. So in the following training, I'm gonna be assigning you, based on your offer, a sales process, and also assigning you a flow of how to ask your questions within that sales process based on your offer, your market, so on and so forth. And they're like, oh, no, that's unacceptable. Just do what feels natural and be present with the prospect. Either one, there's a distinct knowledge gap, okay? Right, so, like, let's say they want to get their agency to 2K a month or 5K a month in the next six months. So we want to gain this on our cause because it gives us massive influence, especially since 08. It's the first selling jump I've ever had and I did well. Or I mean, do you feel like that's pretty much exactly why you're on this phone call? So you can do this really for anything. And we were talking about kind of like, how would you be spending your time differently day to day? But just, you wanna customize it and tailor what this is all about. And you're like, awesome. This is the definition of what I would do when I was in ruts. That way, you know, everything's all, it's not, you know, mixed and matched, and each setter just texts their leads as soon as they come in, okay? Um, but like a huge mistake would have been going on to cashflow like I did and never circling back to this, right? Oh, man, so is that your goal, or what really is your goal? What we're looking for is a good answer, great answer, and great tonality, okay? Most of the market is doing the mistake. It's not complicated, but implementing this will get you a lot more deals. They're a freaking idiot, you know? Don't get crazy with your names, but just make them into names. When would you have the bandwidth to implement something like that? And I just told them, well, one, you're running out of calendar space, and two, this ratio here is super low. So again, if you're a business owner watching this, you need to go over to the business owner training and watch that first, onboarding and ramp up, and then come back to this, because this will make a lot more sense. And then we'll talk about the systems later. I get that one a lot. It's not you should do, you must, right? So money and that aside, you're a hundred percent in. And what this does, guys, is it creates dialogue throughout the pitch. So if this is not making sense now, it'll make sense as we get more into this section here. That's the key. There's essentially seven beliefs the prospect has to have to buy, and when we can build those beliefs before we're transitioning into our offer, we can create what's called an objectionless close to where instead of having to hard close the prospect, the prospect's going to close themselves just because they view you as a leader and not a salesperson. Essentially. So what we wanna do, I wanted to bring this diagram up here to show you guys this, is we wanna make sure any coaching that we wanna do is in the transition phase of the call. And then we're going to role play it to really cement it in. So they set it, and then you want them to tell you, well, why are these things important? So don't do that. The ideal syntax is after all of these and before this. So, we're always doing this and we're doing it especially in the committing phase. So, and you know, what's important about that is my guys have probably sent thousands and thousands and thousands of texts. No salesperson is going to say that, which makes it amazing. Sometimes my assistant takes it off my calendar if she sees it's unaccepted. So we talked about the vibe earlier that I've done this a thousand times, I know exactly what the fuck I'm doing, I see this problem day in, day out, I know exactly how to fix it, and you have that frame as like a leader and an expert. Leaf load dries up, they get burned out, whatever, the offer ends, okay? It doesn't mean you have to have the results, but you have to have the level of thinking, okay? And you know, you might get three months, whatever. You married? And then, after the parts, there's outcomes that we want to achieve before moving on to the next phase. So what did I do here? I think it's scripts in the comments. So, and truth be told, I probably could have done a little bit better job selling them on this opportunity on this call. So, as you do benefit linking here, you're gonna wanna insert their own wants, needs, desires, things they want, like if ultimately what their main goal is to be a real estate investor and to be able to sell on stage and to be able to, you know, publish books and really be a thought influencer and authority, which is like all of the coaching market. Don't get carried away here and make stuff overcomplicated. We have the promise, the bridge, and the delivery. Remember this phrase, simplicity is the ultimate form of sophistication, OK? That's gonna be the following trainings after this. Oh no, Dan would definitely be involved, awesome. It is nice to have that clarity though. So we don't wanna do that, right? Yeah, just having a sense of control. I know I need to do this. And the wider that gap is and the more clear it is, the more the prospect is going to want to resolve that type of tension. So, I just went on and on and on about that, but let's get back to the call, and to digress, basically, everything I told you I'm gonna do here, I didn't do in this example, and it was simply because I just hadn't thought out actually what I would say in this situation when I was doing this call. He's open both 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. Central Time. It's one of these two things I said, you know, but like any real entrepreneur, which is true, like real entrepreneurs, they value their time more than anything else. And then at the same time, what are the 20% of the steps that are the most desired by 80% of the market? Like, what actually happens? But that doesn't really, you know, if you just get on the call and you don't know what to do, it's not gonna help you, right? Right, you can kind of just get into, like, the Facebook group, oh, yeah, man, I saw this testimonial, so-and-so, they said that this happened, and then it changed your life, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? And almost with my energy infer, like, dude, I get, like, that's not all you want. The reason I wanted to drop it in here also is because some people are going through this training as sales reps who are trying to master sales and they need to go through the entire thing end to end. Mm-hmm. Prioritize what they're saying over the actual script, but what we wanna do is first identify, like, label what is the problem, get any context on their business, or their life, or their situation, or their dating life, health, fitness, whatever, so that we can further understand the problem properly, that we can understand the context of the problem, and then we're gonna ask probing questions to go deeper so we fully understand the problem that we labeled up here, okay? So, a lot of good stuff there we can pass on to you, but that's it for this training. Like you've been trying this for a year, haven't been able to figure it out. There's these group calls, but then when you get on the group calls, and then there would be like 50 people on the call, and all I wanted was a one-on-one call, but nobody would get on with me one-on-one, blah, blah, blah. He would stop at nothing to achieve his goal, and he came in and implemented some of the stuff I'm gonna tell you about in a little bit, and he got to $40,000 a month in 30 days, right? Like, is it close enough to where you know what to do to be able to get there? Now, you should already know what this is. I've had a seven, I've done this to a seven, and then they've enrolled. So he's like, you know, and this is, you get some prospects like these, but normally, man, people are going to like explode and vomit all over you when you ask this question. Again, you're not going to use all these questions. It allows them to ramp faster, and it gives us real-time feedback so they understand, okay, this person wasn't qualified, and here's why. So essentially we need to be able to sell 10. Well, sounds like things are going fairly well for you in terms of advertising. And that phrase, that just made sense, was something we heard time and time again. Because you make a suggestion. So that way you can, then we go back to benefit linking. But I'm curious, why all of a sudden this is important to you now, though? Does anybody know what I did there? What would that mean for you personally? When you say you're gonna wake up at 5 a.m., work out at six in the morning, it's done. Or whatever your program is, maybe it's five hours a week, maybe it's 25, I don't know. And so the very first thing we're going to do is offer how it's explained over the phone. Ready for number two? And then when you get into these kind of ooey-gooey questions, they might seem a little bit uncomfortable. Now, upon entry to the group, because they're migrating from the list, they're getting into the group. I know a lot of times when you download those free PDFs from the internet and Facebook ads, it's hard to get a hand on them. I usually start with why now, why not stay where you are, and then I'm going to go into one or two consequence questions. Um, I did some, some training through some other stuff from before with like real estate related things, but it's not really applicable to here, but a couple, a couple of little courses and things online. But notice how I did do the, can I ask you a personal question? So in versus out, he's not being the CEO, but really what I need to narrow it down is, is like, how much time is he spending on calls? Prospect's like, yeah, I'd be heading it up, but he'd be involved in the strategy. But, you know, you just have to have a little bit of contextual awareness and cross these things off on your notepad as you go. Now again, there's exceptions. He would have said, yeah. Within middle of day, there's two things that matter. Our team, and I can say this with confidence because we literally work with almost every single setter team in this industry right now, and our team, internally, pound for pound, is probably the highest-producing team. What do you think life's going to look like in 10 years if this problem remains unfixed, right? But you also need to hammer down a data point, like an actual, like, yeah, and it's going to be at 152, or it's going to be at 115 pounds, or whatever it is. It seems like you don't have any clear process to pull the lever and get new recruits to speak with a will. I just got a lot of time to do something. Right, it's just so easy to transition into all of your spouse questions because of that, right? It's easy to go fast when you don't have a prospect. We do it through qualitative measurement, and it's specifically measuring energy across these four areas, all right? So that's how you would reschedule a partner, and I mean, this is a really, really good way, very, very good way to do it. Which a lot of times they are, which is funny, but when I make that assumption, they have to correct me, okay? And I totally get it. And I do still believe that to be true. So the client might say, or the prospect might say, ha, yeah, man, I mean, what's not working in my business? Now, clarity lends to certainty, and certainty lends to decisive action or prospect, okay? It just doesn't make sense, right? So we're gonna teach you how to find, evaluate, and get hired for good offers out there, which just to give you an idea, it is a little bit tough, because probably about one in every 10 offers is even good. So now you're so much more empowered to handle this opposed to you were before, all right? So a really classic example of this that everybody is going to know is external pressure. That will help us go from first call to second call a lot more. Now I'm gonna hit number two. Now, on the contrary, if you were opening up the yellow pages cold calling a random business, setting a 15-minute appointment, they have no idea who you are, that question might trigger sales resistance, okay? What up guys, Cole here, and if you're on this page. Yeah, who is this? And those are the solution questions of week three. And it helps just create those two end points that we can position our offer in between, so that they believe our offer is the vehicle to get them from where they are now to where they want to be. Now doubt, and obviously, how to elicit this, we're going to talk about in all of the further trainings after this video. I actually just reviewed a call from our sales rep. Well, let's get into the process changes for the two-call close. This one's like super basic, but it's exercise, diet, sleep, water, and then I would even add in meditation, because that's gonna really help your ability to focus, okay? And the context of where they're coming from is the same, right? So we're gonna just address this right away and control it. So a really, really common one is in the coaching consulting space. So that was basically it. That is not the case at all. But just pay attention to that. You know your numbers. You said a lot there. But that's still a good question to ask. And you can ask just that, who's we, right? I don't know how to generate leads. But there's been a lot of times where you get to the end of the call, and then you finally find out that, oh, man, it sounds great, but I'm going to talk with somebody else and then choose between you and the other person. They're probably not going to want to even set in the first place. Now, if they've done stuff in the past, we want to go a little bit deeper. And it's just I'm basically asking, did you get this benefit in my program without actually saying that? Find anybody? So, it's really easy to bring that up and coach them back into the pocket. Like, a 10's easy to achieve, and a one is like, not easy to achieve. Gotcha, so really net, we've only been pulling 1,500 a month. We do have group calls, but I want you to think of those as more of like a supplement to your support. Okay, so you'll see what I mean here in a second. You could also sync it with an email notification through Gmail, too. Nobody, it doesn't matter how great you are at driving traffic if the offer sucks. Will you go through that before the call with him? So let me know if that makes sense, guys. And for 99.99% of you, you should really be focusing on what's really called an MDR team, which is essentially a setter that instead of just cold outbounding a random Joe or calling somebody out of the yellow pages, they're capitalizing on a lead generated through some sort of marketing effort, okay? Again, it is goals-first syntax is what I'm going to be using here, and I'm also going to be using the pitch codex. Um, I mean, I would say like when I set up, right. You've commissioned a few things or kicked a few deals and you can almost ROI. So, another thing is, we wanna make it pertinent to the problem they told you earlier on the call, right? So I'm gonna tell you what it is, and then it's up to you to implement. So people are so trained to be like, yes, right? So that's what the pitch codex is. I always just kind of recenter my mind to become aware of how my head feels, how my body feels, what's my current self-talk, and just really surrender to the present moment, and then think of one thing to be grateful for or to appreciate, and kind of get yourself and get your focus mentally in a good state of abundance. Yeah, exactly. Do that and you'll make a lot of sales just from doing that. B to C, you're probably gonna see 10 to maybe 15, okay? Now, if you're a current sales rep, you're already crushing and you're looking to get to the next level, you're in the optimization phase. Is that all the income you brought in in total or what's your total revenue for the past 60 days? So physiology, clarity, let's go to the other two. Okay, so it really pays off if you get that within five to 10 minutes. And you might even have to, like, reference, like, for me, like, I am also, for a lot of my clients, the transformation that my clients want, right? Then, like, I realized I don't really want to do that. Like, how much do you wanna be bringing in in revenue each month? Cost, I'm anchoring cost. We don't need to follow some rigid, scripted syntax. And so it's really, really key. You had to get them over their fears. OK, well, why do you say that? I've done this for dozens and dozens of industries now, almost it feels like every industry. Whatever Dude, we'll just refund you and and no words and we'll put that in your contract So if I'm willing to do for that for you, is that something you're willing to move forward with right now? Awesome, well, based on what you shared with me, and then you go into your transition, which you guys already know. And again, this is kind of following the syntax, right? And I'm going to talk about this right now. Or they kind of tell you information about their current and desired situation in a way that's sort of jumping all around your script and you feel like you're totally lost in your own process. When you ask what questions do you have on that specifically, they come up with a question. So you almost just want to remain silent, like let's say after the prospect is done speaking, you want to remain silent for just long enough to reassure that they're actually done talking. The biggest thing for us is alignment, meaning that you two are both clear on the same page about not just what the problem is, but also the solution to it. It's so, so good. Still to this day, this was always on the top of all my note-taking paper, all my scripts, I always would put these three things. Now this power dialer is going to be loaded with leads that range back four or five days, and what we're going to do is we're going to have this power dialer calling through leads all day and include a bumping this up type message for people who don't answer. Or, I mean, if she's like throwing your clothes out in the yard and telling you to hit the street, then honestly, we'll send that back to you. If your setters sound like an overseas telemarketer, and it's just a painful conversation, it's a terrible representation of your company, and people are probably not going to show up to the call. So here's the thing is, if you're running it with your setters, the closing rate should at least be whatever the closing rate is on cold traffic. There's the sale of the method, and the sale of the product. And then you see, I skipped this one here, because the dude's doing 50 grand a month, you know, I'm not gonna qualify him financially here, because look, I mean, he, you know, unless he had like three partners or something, and a crazy, you know, his margins are really bad, like he has money, most cases. What's allow you to do that? Literally half my sales. But first, I hope we'd be okay with you if we just recapped our last calls just so we can make sure everybody's on the same page. I do them daily. So this is gold. And it's just overwhelming, you're like, oh my God, I just, I can't even listen to this, I can't even take notes on this. They're going to have trouble. Is that something you consider? So right that next to number one. So how much income, you know, with Pinterest, everything, net, do you have coming in the next 30 days? A good framework you can use, and you'll see this, I'll use it later in this training, is permission, reason why, question, OK? But I would probably start to disqualify them a little bit. Um, 65 K last month. But first, what's a projection, what's a goal, okay? Okay, so let's say you sell fitness, or you sell weight loss. And that's ultimately why we do this in the first place. So first thing, rapport. And then when you hit back, it'll simply start calling the next person. Just, it's huge. I guarantee his expenses are about $3,500. And it's super fun, especially if you love sales. And then, generally, with partner, they're always gonna have to check out with each other anyway. When you're driving, throw it on. Okay, this is a large part of why most entrepreneurs can always sell better than a trained salesperson, okay? So I can coach you on the spot on the days that you have calls. So just before we dive into things, I just want to make sure that's okay with you. So this is an example, really, because I understand, there's people in this program that just teach organic marketing, right? Do they trust you to make decisions in solving this problem, right? So you'll get that. And then we can start to dig in a little bit. So we want to know, okay, well, what's he making now? So what do you want to, the thing you're going to want to bring up is they're most associated with what's at stake or they're very clear with what's at stake. You're at five grand a month now. But I will tell you, with my market, coaches and consultants, things like building your brand, speaking on stage, publishing that book, they link to significance. And the reason why that's so important is the highest driver of our human behavior is to appear consistent. Let's pretend you get to 50 grand a month. Like, I could have said here that this is a course, OK? And I kind of, with contrast, you're always using benefits as well as consequences. And also, when they're not just telling you but they're telling themselves, they're bringing to the surface all of the emotions of the things that they're saying. So this is one of the biggest things. Well, we basically let the application do the qualifying. And that's all we want is just, yeah. Usually a lot of times e-commerce businesses for one, a lot of times that's gonna be a two-call close to where you're gonna follow this process here. No, this is not an ROI. I even use softeners on the biggest challenge questions. So 1, 2, 3, 4. What does he want to make? But let's say it's spirituality and, I don't know, work-life balance or something like that. Then you can probably have a five second pause, but it falls within that natural flow of the conversation regardless, okay? So we'll talk about how to reframe when people challenge your own frame and do all that stuff. They can see the goal, but it's like they still gotta stretch. We don't wanna mislead or lie or do anything untruthful. That's why I'm not really, really big on like, my script is the best script in the world. To be able to understand and get a good reference point of what the problem really is in the first place. So what I've found is I wanna do something that's very, very fast. And then like, I don't wanna like drill on the doubt with those people. Like, what if the last three years are like the next three years? And then I would have done chunking down. What's the lead flow? It's a no-brainer, and it's perfectly tailored to the prospect situation. They're just like advertising scene. And then on top of that, one thing I noticed in hindsight of doing this is obviously when I'm doing this mock call, I'm not doing it to close the prospect here. Right, well, here's why. All right, so we're gonna paint both pictures in a duality there. Cost is really the belief that doing nothing is far more painful than the investment in time, money, and energy to fix the problem with your offer, right? Now, the other thing is don't coach them, all right? In what way, though? So if you have three setters, it's gonna, you know, setter one, setter two, setter three, setter one, setter two, setter three, et cetera, okay? Very, very simple. My throat's dry there. Multiple times the first day, then once a day for the next seven days. The things you're gonna want to look into is how can we parlay into finances and resources and support. How are you doing? Also, another curated opportunity stream is email and SMS replies. All of these other bridges of where they could get from where they are now to where they want to be, and some of the bridges are actually dead ends that won't get them there, and other ones will get them there, but kind of at a ridiculous, way too much effort and way too much cost, and we want to make sure that our solution is the straight line between where they are now to where they want to be. I just wanted to throw that in there because usually this is going to break their frame here, these two strategies. And when you do this, I really like it because it creates a really good, a lot of times, us versus them frame and new versus old frames. We're just emphasizing stuff here. I have that level of thinking, the thinking that needs to be successful to achieve that outcome. Does your prospect have that aha moment and really see the pitch as the bridge between your logical and emotional, or between their logical and emotional current situation to their logical and emotional destination? Well, why does he do it? We just really want to give that kind of a ha and almost relief type of moment, you know? So we'll get into that in the training. So we want to find out what that moment is, because when they tell us that moment, and more importantly, tell them themselves, what they have to do is they have to relive that. And then if somebody is underperforming, see how far they're off of baseline, OK? So first, who should be doing a two-call close and when? So you're actively trying to recruit some more people. That's one of the, in what way though, is one of the questions I ask. It's just like, that's why you ask, is there anything else? And then I do a double permission here. So we do this first question And we're going to get a multitude of things now for any one offer What you're going to find is there's typically no more and i'd say three tops Problems that you can solve or that they're going to have that you can solve Okay so for instance, you know, um Mitchell with the offer you're selling there's basically what? How do you think you're gonna get up to speed remote closing when you don't have the connections, you don't have the skillset and you've really never even done this before? Instead of leaving a voicemail, text, email, right then and there, you set the phone down and you immediately pick back up and call again. That's what I always say. So read the Inner Game of Tennis and pick that up. So now, I'm not a evolutionary psychologist by any means here, so this is the way I understand this, but I do know this is critically important, and regardless, it's irrelevant, because what we wanna learn is how to unstifle our expression, so we're not putting a cap on our range of expression. So same response. I just really don't wanna do that again. Like, we're genuinely, we just want to see what the prospect means by the question they're asking. Not really. Because they have to write this down, guys. What happened? So generated near daily, on a consistent way, with a clear SOP that is repeatable. I don't see you having to use something like this and challenging them as much. And they would also laugh too, usually. You know, I'm not gonna waste my breath. Does, do they, or does he or she know about us, the company, does he or she know about me? This is going to cover it here. I like it a lot. It's also our first running with you. And then you're gonna hit them with that. And I really hate to ask this, but you know, three years, what's your plan if nothing changes? That's another reason why the fancy names aren't as important as how you explain the process, OK? So like next week, what I'll do is I'll show you guys how I constructed from zero to what I have it as now, the pre-pitch I created and how I did it. So are you able to access that all right? We want this as clear as possible. Yeah, and again, I'm pretty confident. All right. The reason I put, the tonality's the most important part, okay, because a lot of people will be like, oh, yeah, you know, sounds good, okay? And then how to do that in a way that creates dialogue and feedback so that ultimately we can eliminate objections and tie down the prospect's certainty on the process. It's that, um, when I'm pretty good with my, the time that I do put into the business, but I mean in January, it basically around the holidays, I just, I just couldn't maintain doing what I wanted to do. I definitely got to change. So that's the overview for the training. Because they can dig in, you know, let's say they outbound call this random number and it turns out to be somebody that your closer's talked with three months ago. I generated 50 calls, you know? I just randomly came up with this years ago. And the other thing is, too, you might kind of tailor this on the fly depending on each of the clients. It's pretty straightforward. So rather people know it or not, this will always apply and it's always a lens. If they just told you their main challenge was lead generation, the answer is going to be no. Like, this story was not scripted. But like, you know, here's where we're at. A lot of times this stuff's enough, then we can chunk down. They're gonna want the information. Now, doesn't always have to be a case. And if you think about the people who are the most influential people in the world, they're not in this state of absolute certainty, you know? So in terms of actual VSL KPIs, like I just said, we covered this VSL math training, which you can find separately. Maybe you sell health coaching, and they've had a health coach in the past. Because if they've stretched time, they're like, oh, man, I've been struggling with this for a year. A lot of times, they'll give you good kind of surface level stuff, and it's good. And they're probably just going to want to think about it. Do you have the time? This is like money collected, all right? First, just what we're gonna cover here. We need to diagnose the area, all right? So real quick, just what we're going to cover, why we start the call with pain questions, I just gave you a reason but there's another reason we're going to cover here in just a second. Really, anything by John Maxwell will be good to go through, but I'll tell you what, guys, like if you read these, you'll sell better just by the sake of reading this every morning, you'll start to sell better. So the whole point of the committing phase is to get rid of those, okay? If while you're going through this PowerDialer, you see somebody come in on this instance of Aloe Vera as a new lead, simply pause this, click on the new lead, you're going to do your texting messages, you're going to double dial them, and then you're going to go back to the PowerDialer and hit play. We've seen it double answer rates, which is huge. And they would do that. Well, we've tested that, and guess what? Like, a lot of people, they just don't even realize that, you know, they can scale a coaching business to 20K a month or 100K a month or whatever, right? And it was really like eliminating objections before the close was far more important than handling objections. So, that sounds great. So you're gonna use one of those to execute this, or at least as a baseline to execute one of these. Essentially, there's really only two scenarios. But that was what I just did right there. Go through it. That's resolve. I did mess this up, guys. So I'm kind of anchoring and pre-framing that I want a personal response. And I mean, as you know, and especially if you're advanced in sales, this information-gathering is one of the biggest keys of building the consistency bias and really just kind of going deep with the prospect and just getting them to not only tell themselves or tell you, but more importantly, tell themselves of why doing what they say they want to do is so important, which is going to help them move forward at the end of the call. So one thing I'm gonna say here is that like on every single call, you're not gonna have, like there might be only one problem, okay? A lot of you guys know who they are. Like what do you think has been keeping you from figuring this out on your own? So, we actually wanna handle those first here so we get that out of the way before we drop price, okay? What is that person, like, how are they, you know, having the success and the skill that they've had, okay? Let's say the problem is, oh man, I just like, I don't have a girlfriend. The easiest way to think about this is if you've ever been in, like, a really boring PowerPoint presentation, where you're just like, it gives you this feeling of like, ugh, you know, you just, it gives you this feeling to where, mentally, you just kind of check out, because this presentation or this event is so boring. And we're gonna stretch that because we want this as clear as possible. And it's like, yeah, man, he came in, like I said, he was in the same exact spot as you, but for him, he was somebody who was determined. So it's all about what's going on right now in their business. We want to make sure there's a number assigned to what we want. There's two ways you can do it. I guarantee if you took this training to get better at sales, you're in your damn head. So you see how I used this ideal client, anchored it, and then I was like, well, how many of those people did you get with your pipeline? Do you have a pen and pad, something to take notes with? Because if you get the monetary goal, maybe they give you that 2K a month. I should say, gotcha. So, 20, 30, upwards of $40,000 a month. I want to share with you guys that I think is going to be super helpful because what you don't do guys and like i've caught people doing this and it It's like one of my pet peeves is like don't like print this off and use it as a script Like you should not have this on up on your computer expecting to go through it and like Scroll through this during your call. I got this from Oren Klaff originally, and pitch anything. I mean, I've used this so many times. And so they all kind of like recruited each other into a management position. And that's because he's drilled that so many times to where it's literally anchored into his being, OK? What we don't wanna do is go right for spouse, partner, or finances without tying down under the certainty that this is the right thing, now is the right time. We'll go through that. Like, look, yeah. You could use other stuff, but you might as well just use what we use, HubSpot, Alloware, and then some sort of notifications. So, you know, there's been times where somebody mentions they're on food stamps or on their only income is social security or that they're living in their car or like they're sleeping on their friend's couch right now. To go through this, first of all, when do we use financial questions? You just gotta point that out. You're like, I'm not hitting projections. So Cole here. So I don't know if there's like a good way to say, man is like, look, dude, like here's the thing. Cool, and obviously, you'll have our entire client rolodex. Like for all he knows, I could start, you know, sharing my screen and, or, you know, have him pull something up on the computer. And another thing that I've done really well that a lot of sales reps need to work on if they're going to get this high level of performance is pipeline and follow-up. And then you can dig in to the spouse or partner, who supports the household, how that works, so on and so forth. Yeah, I have a quick question. Ascension is one of those ones that sounds kind of cool, but we know what ascension is. There's also cases with people who are like, are intense ramblers, boy, they won't shut up. Now, one thing that's important to understand is that this week of training, week one, all of this stuff, really covers everything that's on here, it covers all the role-specific SOPs, except for the middle-of-day process, because really the middle-of-day process is the remainder of the entire training, okay? And then as you kind of dial this in, you can establish your own baseline as a company and test giving them less leads, test giving them more leads. You know, any, any of that stuff, right? Because doubt is what? So I would start to think about it like that, just like, you know, think about it in the future, when she leaves, or when he leaves, and they have that conversation, is it's something to where, really, they should be having that conversation with you. What would that change? Obviously what's your biggest challenge right now? It's not gonna happen, or every week. Okay, and then on top of that, you're gonna have one-to-one access to me Monday through Friday through Voxers so that I can coach you on the spot every single day when you have calls. So again, ask questions you already know the answer to, don't assume, but at the same time, if they've already told you this stuff and vocalized it on the call, you don't have to ask redundant questions again and again and again. Okay, well, no worries. But I just wanna make sure that like this is actually gonna be something that's like worth me investing my time into and different. So I mean, you average that over a year. And then there's going to be questions that widen the gap and need payoff questions. So the information gathering phase, again, is the part of the call where you're asking all the questions, you're getting information. I'm not even sure it's going to work. So right now, right? So, that's the process. But live calls, 20% minimum. Yeah, I need help with that too. Can I add to that one too real quick? So I would highly recommend, just, guys, use this video. So, we're bringing those back up to the surface. Like, because everything we do is all customized. It just depends on, you know, certain prospects are closed off, you're going to ask more questions. This question, depending on your prospect, it might raise a little bit of resistance. And we're gonna go through a little exercise here on what I mean by like how to hedge and how to set goals versus projections and so on and so forth, all right? We want to dig into that then we want to chunk that down Okay Is this making sense so far guys? Now let's talk about money. So the obvious question is, there's a lot of people who want to be up there, but they're not up there, right? We want you to have behavioral flexibility. So, if you're thinking of the person who the prospect wants to become, all you have to do is transfer to them the successful way of thinking, okay? That's making like working on your sales team. Now, if this question, because what's going to happen here is sometimes you're going to ask that question and they might be like, oh, it's just accountability or mindset. Or, you know, what does she think about this? So what would a G what would getting a job mean to you? But all the content within that video is still 100% relevant. So they can't fault you for qualifying them in this case, and if by any chance it starts to derail the conversation, they start asking about the product, you can just bail and be like, oh yeah, so and so will cover that with you on the console. I just say, Okay, great. Amazing. Areas of their life. So you want it to be about 80 to 90%, right? And honestly, if they are, then you can challenge them. So a lot of times, somebody, for instance, will come to you for Facebook ads, but what they really need help with is their offer. Are they supportive? When it might happen in this column, I'll tell you, but, but, um, it would be unlikely with a call like this because like, he just told me that he's not like, he's working fucking 60, 65, 70 hours a week, not paying himself. Okay, so you can sort of do this and it's just a, the real frame is, you know, do you know how to, or do you have a process that X, right? Good question though. So I'm going to give you a copy of this worksheet. Here's how we're gonna set it up at a high level. If you go into a doctor's office and he's like, you need to do X, Y, and Z or you're gonna die, you do it because he has moral authority and you trust his expertise and you trust that he has his best interest at heart. No, right. We're gonna do that through probing questions, background questions, need payoff questions, maybe even a little bit of chunking down questions. So now, right, we kind of got deep into the pain. Then logically, it's going to make sense to focus on this next thing. This is a little bit of an older diagram. So what I would do here, typically, since you said you'll process the investment with me, typically it'll be, yeah man, sounds great, what's the investment, okay? You know, you can tell how the problem, it goes from, oh, you know, I'm kind of struggling meeting women, but I meet them through my social circle to, you know, you haven't had sex in six months. And you know what's crazy about this guys? This is basically a document that tells a story about who you are, all right? Are you gonna be available to customize this for me? Clarified. If he tells me at the end that he doesn't have the time to implement, I'm gonna like slap him, okay? Would that affect any other areas of your life? And so I say, in what way though? So which one of those three do you think it was? So if you can do that, that's awesome in your pitch. Usually like if you, if you prevent the objections before they happen, they won't happen. Obviously, we recommend texting. And then following up on it. I mean, it's probably 30 hours a week. All righty, guys. Between expert frame, price frame, more authority. We're gonna talk about using proper silence and cadence during the call, as well as best practices for the information gathering phase, which is like the discovery phase when you're asking all the questions. I want you to know it's not enough to master the sales process. And then you can have a leadership-based conversation on Messenger to get a phone call, give them some thoughts, and then re-enroll, okay? Another way you can do it is like these, for lack of a better term, yes or no questions. So basically, that moment in their lives or in their business where enough was enough, they had the final straw, and they just kind of became disgusted with their current situation, and they knew they had to change, OK? I really like Tony Robbins. So, for instance, in fitness, a lot of the reason people don't move forward is they're actually very, very emotional. So a few key distinctions before we get into this. And you would have never even known it based on, uh, based on, you know, what you're hearing on the call. But just like when you present this to her and say, Hey, you know, I found this person on Facebook ads and, you know, got on a call and you know, they're, they want to work with them for health coaching and it's 5k. And like, I asked him, you know, help me connect the dots. Yeah, I guess really, like theoretically, there isn't a reason it shouldn't. Because look, I mean, I know exactly what you need to do to be successful. And then, therefore, them making a commission that's going to make them stay. Doesn't matter. The examples are going to be the biggest ones. And you're probably thinking, well, why does that even matter? Or if, or if, you know I wouldn't use this exactly, but like, this is what hit my mind. I mean, you mentioned that multiple times there. Like I just gave you in that example. You'll see it'll load up our PowerDialer. So we just went right from like, lead generation challenges and just parlayed it right? You know, put here, if you combine $100 a day, and then you have a good, you know, Facebook strategy, you're doing some two steps, you're doing some email replies, some SMS replies, people should be able to hit about four to six a day. I was actually what I was thinking of. I think the easiest way to explain this is going over the three rules of leadership in sales. And it's just, P.S. not a robot, despite my lightning fast message, LOL. At least any successful business, alright? And what I'm gonna show you is what has a lot of our prospects before they buy our program, leaving the call saying, not only was it the best sales call they've been on, but it was one of the most intelligent conversations, one of the most valuable, and it's just such an easy, effortless sale after you do it this way. However, because of that lack of regularity and volume, you would have to add a base. Like you have the problem. But, I mean, this is how you get to be the best. There's several different things in here, but some things you'll want to note is upgrade calls for back end offers. No, no, don't do that. Assumed close, man. Then we're gonna go into the bridge and or the thesis, okay? So, using a mechanism, it'll make more sense as we get into how to build this out, but it is key, okay? And then I introduce a unique mechanism in the description. Right, and then we have their goals, okay? Obviously, the beginning of every month, you wanna reset your ones for the month, adjust your ones from the quarterly, and you wanna set each week as well. Which remember, we talked about purpose is the highest driver of behavior, that's what we're talking about here. So I was just doing that for when we get on the paid ads, I want to have things systematized, because I'm building a sales team to and all this stuff. So a lot of times, your outbound calls, your outbound dialing, in that outbound dial, probably 80, 90% of the time, will turn into the triage call, okay? We just got some new internet over here, so it's really good sometimes, sometimes it's bad, but just hopping back in here. I think we're pretty good so far. So, if it's eight or below, you ask, gotcha, man, well, I appreciate you being honest about that. How much- That's where, like, people who have an ego, that's like the best, most ninja way to like break down an ego. So not only does the perception of current and future pain of doing nothing have to be far greater than the pain of time, money, and energy investing in you, that perception of into the future, that pain has to cross something called the action threshold, which is something that was popularized by Jordan Belfort. Now, and like, dude, I go to work and like most of the dudes that work with me are like in their thirties and have like three kids. You know, just last week, how many appointments did you have with new potential clients exactly? Just kind of makes it less painless, painful to listen to them sometimes. So that's pain. So 90% of the time, guys, this'll probably, these two questions here, probably gonna be enough, okay? Can I add to that too? Depending on what they give you. It's the same thing. I just don't feel like I have control. But you see how instead of just rushing in randomly and asking about her, about his spouse, I just like the topic was there so I just parlayed myself into that and it really just demonstrated I was listening and I actually cared. And get there pretty quickly if you're committed to it. Okay, man. I don't know if you guys heard that part. But remember what a curated opportunity stream, a COS, is. That's Cole here. I know what I'm doing. And after, do a transition to the dreams. If we look at the sales process diagram, which I'll pause this and pull up right now. You didn't have to go into it at all. And this will really cement it in on how this applies to how I think about selling people coaching, consulting, agency services or really selling them anything, okay? Just naturally, it's not probably what I would have done, but I'm just kind of rigidly following goals for syntax here, which is fine. So the key here is, is I didn't ask how much money are you making now? So, you pitched your last pillar, or no, you pitched the support slash the delivery. Goals get us excited, but goals alone usually let us down. And like, I just look at them and I'm like, oh my goodness, like, how are you? The promise is the hard offer, okay? But your reasons give you energy, all right? Like, it's kind of weird, to be honest. So like I said here, it might be more, but you get what I mean. And what's best for them is almost always outside of their comfort zone. Part one is super simple. A lot of times you can book right to the consult from messenger, but other times, and we talked about this in a different training, you'll wanna actually get a, you'll get a higher throughput and a higher set ratio if you just make the focus of messenger, especially if you're a setter, booking triage calls. But for the most part, just ask your question. When you say, would you potentially be open-minded to it, even a little bit open-minded to it, nobody's going to say no to that. It's like you 10X your goal. Any questions on that, they'll always say no. You want to fight, let them fight the, the diminished or not as good part of themselves. And I think there is a way to have the conversation in a way where it builds upon each other and it just becomes very effortless, easy, and repeatable. Yeah, that's great. All I'm doing right now is just future pacing. So in other words, you're the expert in this specific context and therefore you have a proven process for, for determining exactly what's the shortest path to get to the prospect's desired outcome. You got to make sure they're sold, like, the sale is not really on your product. Sometimes, like, you're just in a rut, like you're not closing the percentages that you should be. So this is a game changer, and I am super excited to share it with you. They tell the prospect to save the questions to the end, and then the prospect's like, they forget their questions, and then it's like information overload, and they just shut down, right? But like, you could get both of these wrong and it doesn't matter. What is the biggest challenging, I mean, you can even, once they give you your goal, okay, well, like what do you feel like is keeping you from getting to that goal on your own? Solution can act as a really good transition in the vision. So now they just not only told you that's exactly what they need, but more importantly, they told themselves. It's sales systems, recruiting pipeline, onboarding and ramp-up systems, management and leadership. So as we go deeper into the pain, we're naturally going to have opportunities to kind of lead in to this stuff. Again, prior to calls, because that helps your focus and helps you get out of your head tremendously. These are more like each of these, these are all the questions I would be asking if I was you in the tense of like, these are, you know, you keep these questions in your back pocket. Like if I just came on the call and just said these four things, I mean, they'd be like, OK, well, duh, right? Or what do you wish you would ask that coach before hopping into that program? Because you're basically, if they get defensive, you're just saying, look, the reason I'm asking this is just determine what's the best implementation path for you. By the way, if you guys want this Google Doc, comment scripting or scripts or something like that. It's like, you know, the person goes to their spouse and it's like, Hey, I found this person on the internet and like, I'm going to pay him 5k. Let's talk about qualitative first. That's just what we're gonna cover in this video because everything else is the same. Well, if you get this amount of leads and you close this amount of this amount that show and you're making this amount of commission, you only need to close four a week. And not necessarily a red flag, like oh my God, this is not a qualified prospect, just look, we're probably gonna have to two call close this person or reschedule or just at least dig in and figure out what the next best thing is to do. We only ask background and we only ask financial. So this is just like a very canned example I just made up, OK? Sometimes we need to take a stand for somebody and call them out on their freaking bullshit because what that does is really shows that person that we freaking care. I'm like glued to the computer all day. Go through it, then get through the coming weeks of sales process part one, sales process part two, objections, et cetera, and then actually end off your time in the training by at least going through this again. Few things here is like 500k a month, real estate investing coaching industry, again, I'm doing the 500k a month again, like I'm just inputting like maybe on the triage call, this guy told me his goal was 500 grand a month and he's in the real estate investing coaching industry, so you wanna tailor that per your client, but overall, this language is literally the same, okay? It's kind of playing up all those things you might hear in marketing sometimes. And I'll tell you this, women who are able to step into their masculine while maintaining their feminine are devastating. So that being said, where do you want to go from here? As soon as I know that and I know what their goal is and I kinda understand pretty much at a high level what the gap is, we're gonna book them. Number two is that you understood the full context and severity of that problem. Actually trying to get a hold of them. I could also call it your thesis to success. It really does. Within that strategy, essentially, there's two types of scripts. So I was just like, okay, like, I feel like they kind of, they don't want to do it, but they're saying it's for their parents or whatever. So that's the pitch for the second call. Kind of high D, direct. So I want to let you know is for pain questions specifically, what outcome are we looking for? And then he starts to say, oh, man, well, if I was able to get three to five leads a day, I'd be doing $100,000 a month. Then we're going to go into closing patterns and risk mitigators. And on a scale of one to 10, one being things are month to month, really, really, really tight right now. Now, let's go through what not examples of curated opportunity are. So again, if they start just bringing up stuff they've tried in the past and you haven't gone into doubt or finances yet, go into these questions by all means. It's like, you're think really thinking deeply about what they're saying and what you're asking. So we wanna really drill down to those specific details, okay, so most times what we want is we wanna assign those numbers and then within those current desired situations, we really wanna chunk it down and get as specific and detailed as possible, because the more detailed, the more kind of, like, day to day we can get, and the more specific we can get, the more emotions are gonna come to the surface, because the emotions are tied to the specifics. So one being, I hate this guy. Now, the next thing is carefree, free flow expression versus contained expression. Pitch codex, that's number one. There's an, I think, in the paid group funnel training, I updated this to make it a little bit more robust. Given you're working 80 hours a week, does that put you in a tough spot, you know, working out and maintaining your health or does that put you in a tough spot with, you know, making time with your family and your wife? And so these people just need to be nurtured and reached out to more frequently in order for them to turn out as good leads. It's next training, not next week. But I will say, watching these examples and watch how I do it will eliminate a lot of the overthinking, because it is pretty simple, but it'll eliminate a lot of the overthinking created by this stuff and just kind of bring it home for you guys, so it is the most important part at the end. Again, comments, scripts, if you guys want this, and then if you'd like more trainings like these, we got like 30 plus hours of this stuff in the Facebook group, just links in the banner or, yeah, if you're seeing this on my profile, links to the banner at the profile. I want to get the hell out. Let me put you on hold for a second here. Obviously, they're booking in a sales call, right? I mean, there's not a lot of trust, relationship, and value that they're getting from probably your free thing. And you could really do this for lifestyle and ROI offers. When they miss deals, a lot of the time, it's because they miss this. Does that sound fair? Perfect, man. why this appeals to you opposed to Amazon FBA or one of those things you were doing. So always outline kind of the onboarding next steps before investment. So it's, because once we link it, then we can dig into it. When you're going into chunking down, a lot of times you'll just end up in finances, OK? They want to know the answer to that question ASAP. It's tough. You respond with this stuff initially. So you go in the leads. And, in terms of the process specifically, how do you feel? For this guy, it's like he has a lot of time. So it's really important. I kind of just went over this, but you might have a set from messenger that needs further qualifying or it's just easier to get them from messenger onto a triage before you book them with a closer. Years ago, before I actually had a team, I used to charge 5k because it was all of my time, right? How long has this whole issue been going on for three years? And then also, dPayoff is a good gateway into this as well. Now, once we identify those, I can give you my thoughts and if it makes sense, see what, I can't even finish it because it's like so painful to say, but I think you get the point, right? Does your program include group coaching calls? If you want to let them in. And I understand exactly what's going on, but at the same time, you got to be like, like with all these things, you can't dig super freaking deep into every single little thing. Now let's focus on quality. And then in the transition phase, we're gonna keep all of our coaching and any thoughts or coaching or kind of leadership that we wanna give them, we wanna give it to them in the transition. But man, these people have like forgotten who you were, they're like two years old, and then they get mad when their setters aren't contacting these shitty leads, basically. And one of the shifts I want you to make is that realize that you're not really asking the questions for yourself, even though you are to an extent, you're not just asking them questions to get them to tell you, you're asking them to get them to tell themselves and build the consistency bias, which we talked about in the last weeks of training. If you were selling something that's like 25k, or hell, more than that, maybe it's mid-market enterprise, then maybe three sets a week would be really good. Some of your questions can be very pointed. So 28 seconds, I just dive right in. So again, this is gonna be after rapport or frame, or this is where you're gonna start right after this part if it's a pure outbound dial. Like this dude should be fine, right? Jeremy Miner's really good at that. How many of those five people you spoke with fit the bill of your perfect client specifically? Just be like, dude, totally appreciate that. Just kind of stealth work would be really fun. If you could go back in time, what do you wish you would have asked that salesperson? And you can just see the difference. And then it's also really, really great to just get people to basically ask for the investment. So with products, we do have a little bit more leniency in terms of speed, but you should still dial pretty much as fast as possible. I mean, obviously it's, besides the obvious reasons, like, I mean, is it hurting you guys in terms of planning, in terms of growth? But like, you know, in this example, I don't know how much it really does for me because the main pain point is time. It's just, okay, so your manager is breathing down your neck right now, something like that, just going a little bit deeper into kind of the negative side. So you just want to see how you can parlay those ones in. And get back your time and reinvest it into things like building your brand, speaking on stage, publishing that book, so on and so forth. Either that's the quality of the leads coming in or there's some sort of breakdown in your sales process. Well then, maybe some done for you and done with you elements and also the community of your Facebook group and the actual course and the resources, those are things you can emphasize, because that's what's going to make this different, and it's what they didn't get in the past. I would test creatives that have The lead starts with something that's slight you can't directly acknowledge it or you're gonna get flacked but that's slightly Acknowledges what's going on? And I'm telling you, once you be able to build this muscle to where it's like, I wanna hit five units this week, I know exactly what I need to do to hit those five units. The system was good. And then trust and transitioning out. Okay, yeah, and what do they think about this? It's a pattern interrupt. Like a visual is a very fast talker like the New Yorker, you're going to want to speed up your cadence a little bit when you're talking to them. It could be maybe in weight loss or something because you had no calorie control. So that's why we went back to a lead delegation system, which is really, by and large, how every company, sales organization runs. How's that working out for you? Like getting a job? Okay, so we're gonna go through an illustration of this in a second, but all other potential bridges are the potential options that they could take to get to desired situation. They read the script, they go through, like, three to five minutes of their pitch, nonstop, all the way through, and it's like this performance, it's like this presentation, it's just terrible, OK? Now, once we identify those, I can give you some of my thoughts and if it makes sense, we can definitely go into what we have going on over here and how that might work out for you if that's something you want to talk about. Then we're gonna set them for a 10, 15 minute appointment later in the day or the next day, and then we gotta do a little bit of rapport frame. This is very philosophical, but we're going to start to get into how this actually applies to the call. It works on super sophisticated million, multimillion dollar, eight figure business owners, and also beginners. On a scale of one to 10, one being things are really, really tight right now, and 10 being like I have the resources to do whatever I want, where do you feel like you fall out right now in terms of making investments financially? Okay, and also they're going to be like, it's going to give them some insight. Five would be long term deals. Um, and that's kind of a ridiculous example, but you get what I mean, right? Because the only thing that differentiates you now is price. And I mean, I just kind of picked and pick and choose what works. We wanna rate ourselves, scale of one to 10, physiology, clarity, necessity, inspiration. Another part of this is, are they bought into your method of what success looks like? Have you considered what you're going to do? So like when you're trying to get deep into the pain and trying to know, like how much like ammo and urgency do you need before you move forward? And they're like, this doesn't happen very often, but when it does, it's like, I don't want to just butt heads with them because every once in a while, someone's just not open. Oh, you know, and give you a little clap and send you on your way. So like, we gotta get the intake form in and hop on the implementation pathway call. Let's say they are working in corporate, they're working 80 hours a week, they're working for a hellacious boss, they hate their boss, but they're making 15K a month, they have the golden handcuffs so they can't leave, they feel like they're trapped, they're getting burned out, they're exhausted, they have no fulfillment with the work that they're doing, and they don't want to make more money, they just want to replace their amount of income with a side business that's 20 hours a week, that's really fulfilling, that allows them to work from anywhere, from their laptop, be their own boss, travel the world, et cetera. Why not stay where you are costs? I'm just throwing out some random stuff here, but nobody's going to be a hundred percent satisfied with what they have. See how, if and now we can help you get pointed in the right direction, okay? And ultimately when you start to get very, very accurate, what it's gonna give you is control, okay? Okay, this is why like the most influential people who sell coaching are the people who resemble who the prospect wants to become because they hold the philosophy and also the tangible situation that the prospect wants, and therefore, they can influence them because that's who they are. So, hope you heard me okay in this video, guys. Another great one is, well, why not stay where you are now, though, okay? Or would they be happy that you're bringing this to them? Oh, no, I have to change. Did I use the elements from the formula though, kind of the key, key points behind it? But OK, so based on what you pay yourself, how much is left over after monthly expenses to put away and save? So the first one's physiology. It is sales first principles as the first training. My story basically exemplified that I quadrupled my income of us, basically, yeah, tripled, quadrupled, whatever, through just selling a different offer. I mean, it's fairly simple. Now, do you look at him and you feel like he's scripted? Now, I want you to know this. And the reason why I ask you that is because I don't want to just help you be able to get to a hundred thousand dollars a month, reclaim your time so you can work on your business, not in the business to be the CEO. And then what I use is, have you gone through the finances module, bro? Okay, we'll get more into that in objection handling, but you can see how when we take a stand for people, it's not all about just being super neutral with trust-based language and asking questions and applying no sales pressure at all. And it's something that I kind of just morphed into my own thing. Even the most advanced salespeople, guys, closing 30%, 40%, even more. It's a good way to kind of create duality of, OK, these are the things they did like, which we can position our program around. And so try something like this, where it's like, Hey James, it's just Matei with Remote Closing Academy, saw you clicked on one of our ads about becoming a remote closer and wanted to touch base to see if I might be able to help. Send. I'll be like, well, it's great. We felt like it'd be a little bit more valuable to give you something that's actually relevant and useful to what you need help with in business right now. I need to get the hell off the phone. So it's important that we understand these emotional level destinations, so to speak. Like, you do not want to do that on your sales calls. So I don't know if it's effective. But this is big, because it especially will happen with people who, like, when you get in a position with an offer as a sales rep, or maybe even you're an entrepreneur and you got, like, five to eight calls a day, and you're trying to kind of conserve your energy, what you're going to find as you start to take a lot of those calls is, like, you want to get these people without money off the phone. Because it's like, it's just such a need-based thing usually with B2B. The time it happened before that was honestly right right before Thanksgiving. So there hasn't really been something yet where it's like, okay, cool. What is something I need to take responsibility of right now that's tough? A great in-depth training for this would be week two, sorry, I keep having week three here, week two, problems first syntax, okay? Why is that important to you personally, right? Oh, you know, and sometimes I just meet them through my social circle, whatever. So that's how you can start talking about and seeing kind of where they're at with their spouse without it being like, oh, this guy's like qualifying me on the spouse objection right now. So obviously the attorney had 3k, you know, he had money for this offer. What they should be KPI'd on, is really prioritizing the hottest and most valuable leads first, and then working their way down. Okay, so just as an example, I want you to think about two politicians who are like yelling and screaming at each other, they're calling each other idiots, and they're giving off this vibe to the opposing candidate that like because you don't believe what I believe in, you're basically stupid, okay? You see that? I'm just not willing to risk that. So the real question becomes, how do you get from two leads to, and I'd like to laugh about it, to 50. Like it's like, what are you doing? As mentioned, it's going to give you a much higher degree of behavioral flexibility. So I'm tabbing over here to this document, which it's the same document you guys already have, which has all your questions on it. So do you see how it's like, there's constraints that will keep them from like, if the business is doing this, it's like a constraint. You should also have a Facebook group, okay? But if we can look back on the call, right, and we can say, yes, I showed up with ruthless independence of the outcome and I was a hundred percent attached to the process. And then you simply go here and you hit start. So we have opt-ins, and we do 500 to 800 opt-ins a month per setter. What do you think's been keeping you from being able to do that on your own? We want to understand the full context of that. And I would have, in a case for high ticket closing, I would have said, you don't have to create your own product service. So, then what we're looking for is a nine or a 10 plus with certain language and tonality, all right? So, and you really want to do this, right? So the key here, to avoid that ever happening, because it's super frustrating, is to build a bridge that becomes the path of least resistance to their desired situation and destroy all other potential bridges. And if you think about like the New England Patriots during the Brady-Bilicic area, they're not, they weren't like, you know, it depends on when you're watching this video, but you know, they weren't like the flashiest team out there, they weren't the Seattle Seahawks, they're not the Dallas Cowboys, they're not, you know, a lot of these teams that were just super flashy and in the media and all that stuff, they're just down to business, okay? My wife wants to kill me. And your information gathering will also be so much better because of that because you're not wielding judgment upon them, you're not derailing the conversation, et cetera. I was like, or I don't know if like your mom, right. It is not a long one. So if you remember from part one, the first thing we do is isolate the pain like I'm not moving forward to anything else until I isolate like why we're on the phone, right? We don't wanna do anything like that. If you have a non like biz growth offer, the easiest way to do that is like, so, and like, this is like for you, Larissa, it's like, I would ask. It's how you build momentum. So you're going to have to develop a little bit of a gut to tell when the appropriate situation for that is. So you're on the phones. They just found a better opportunity with better lead flow, with better comp structure, culture, et cetera, OK? So this is just kind of the high-level stuff right now, but as we go through this, the first thing we're gonna do is always state the promise, okay? Ha, ha, ha. Well, if your program's $10,000, you know, sure, you know, they can pay you $10,000 to learn how to make $60,000 a year, maybe for the rest of their career, right? So this intrinsic motivation is key, guys. And also have faith in your ability to make it right. Now, we have one last part to cover. You don't want the decision-making at the end of the call be completely external pressure, okay? So they kind of, when you roll through stuff fast like that, they're like, okay, he knows what he's talking about. But if this was true, I wouldn't say like, I wouldn't go up to somebody and say like, dude, you know, when I look in the mirror, I just fucking hate myself. But there's times where I've just said, ultimately, what's the goal? You can just, a lot of people, closers and entrepreneurs, you guys know what you're doing, you're great leaders and you're good at pointing out limiting beliefs and where people can get better and kind of coaching them on the what, not the how, like you're good at this stuff, just don't do it here, save it for the transition and it'll come off so much better, okay? You can. They want to leverage a proven system to get there faster so they're not wasting the most valuable resource and that is time trying to figure it out on their own. It's the only thing that we haven't covered, right? So I'm going to give you three ways to gain moral authority. And when it's exactly the same every single time, it's way easier to teach. Saw your potential, this would be a send, right? Well, what's the work, if can I ask you a personal question? Maybe they're doing live events They need to go in person and fill those in-person events Sorry, maybe they're doing in-person events I need to go virtual and find a way to fill rework the offer and then fill those virtual events with YouTube But then with certain people Depending on the business, you know, they are Stuck for a little bit, especially like the brick-and-mortar So we can dive into specifics. We're going to get into that in a little bit. But when you're getting the reason why and what's going to happen if they don't change, they'll give you some good stuff. We make sure that those three to five steps, they feel like this is the right thing, now is the right time. So let's get you a bigger goal. So hopefully, sometimes it's hard to put it into words, but I recorded this video, you can see 9, 15, 20, so it's not even that long ago, and I was replacing the old video, and I looked at the old video, and it was at the same time, I was kind of trying to teach some of this tonality stuff to one of our sales reps, and I was like, dude, you gotta, you gotta see this difference, because this is exactly what you're doing wrong on the calls. It's like a pivot, right? Now, so let's say you do a live stream every Friday. Which is basically how much money do they want to make? And Alaware should integrate and sync with your CRM. So you can put, oh my god, it took us about a week every single time. That's kind of the framework. You're going to get those ones, right? Actually spend time working on your freaking business. And so, I mean, honestly it was just kind of like a double sword because not only did she say that, but I mean, I didn't even tell her this, but I was like on the verge of breaking down, you know, I'm holding it together. What I'm going to do, I'm actually having my assistant splice them now, so we remove any personal information, but there's two call reviews I recently did with two different sales teams, where the sales reps both had basically the same problem. They've been doing something to try to fix the problem. A lot of times, you're not going to run into issues there. Generally, and sometimes we customize this a little bit, generally it's these four pillars. The reason I do that is because I know, honestly, I've had people review my calls, and way back in the day, it helped me so much that it broke me out of ruts and it put me on a hot streak and I started closing deals like freaking crazy. So that's about widening the gap, which is down here. So we're gonna go through this scripting, then I'm gonna give you this, I wrote a Facebook post on a different version of this slightly that you're gonna really like if there's a partner you have to book with as well. Usually they're like, nope, all good. You can ask those questions and sometimes you'd be surprised. So he's not gonna bump up against the frame here. Just a little distinction there. Yeah, but why now, though? So that in itself, even though this makes kind of common sense, it makes it unique, OK? So rapport is the same way I detailed it earlier in this training, okay? So they might be coming from messenger and you set it from there. So I'm going to be giving these to you on a silver platter in this video. I'm just trying to be realistic, and I thought six months was, like, the accurate timeframe, okay? So anyhow, get through this training, guys. So, what you're going to do is oftentimes, and this is also very, very good with people who are very impact driven. Is that your total revenue? So oftentimes, the past two or three months are some of the worst months. There has to be some sort of notification so they're able to hit speed delete, okay? We're gonna talk about why those are important in a second. So, just to recap, and go over what's next. We also know the way to get them to take action with us is to understand if and how we can help them build a bridge and eliminate all objections before the close, which is destroying the bad bridges and harpooning the sharks. None of you guys would know this company, but I was on a team one time and it was the first team I was ever on and I'm telling you, once I regulated my sleep, everybody in the team was asking me, what are you doing differently and how are you closing so well? If you wanna go into this, this is really what the book Influenced by Robert Cialdini is all about. So somebody who I study, his name is Jeremy Miner, he's a really, really good sales trainer, he harps on this all the time. And do you know how to like put such a process in place? Okay, we'll get into that more later. We just know it like, boom, done, okay? All right, it's like who you are speaks louder than what you say, if you've heard that. So make sure your filters are only looking at the people that are actually good to call, and then if you have multiple users, ensure that you select yourself. Now, everything is all customized. Let's pretend for a moment you were to go ahead with something like this, something that would fix your lead generation, okay? So the other 10% of the time, if I go into these, it's going to be more so if they just kind of bring up something that's just an obvious and easy parlay into these types of questions, right? Just stick with the syntaxes, guys. What exactly is your price point? Usually people don't have much of a problem with this. We don't want to judge them. You're gonna have to work hard. They say, ah, 2K. Especially with people who are very victim, did other clients get results in that program? So, the amateur salesperson will say something like, absolutely, we have two coaching calls a week or five coaching calls a week on all of these different topics, and each coaching call covers a different thing, and then we have these coaches, and blah, blah, blah, okay? And we start with two to three one-on-ones per week, and then we kind of gradually do it down as they ramp. Okay, do you know how many calories you've eaten today so far? And then we kind of did the whole process that we learned in number one. It's got a little bit of the NLPs in it, but it does work really well. The reason why I'm asking you is, is that you tried Amazon FBA, Amazon, all these other opportunities. That's like 2%, or not 2%, 10% closing ratio, right? Now, we want to do this, we want to qualify them afterwards. Or kind of just checking back in. So basically what that means is we're gonna hedge our behavior to do all the actions necessary to hit 13, but then what our real projection is is 10, okay? And it was what I always just was my own philosophy in sales. But I'm just telling you what I would do if I was you, okay? So a strategy in which would take place for a startup who just got a hundred thousand dollars in funding is a little bit different than if we're just working off a budget of like 500 bucks or two grand. No, but it's like, you know, Jordan Belfort says losing sales or winning sales is like the death by 1000 cuts. OK, and do you use that to support your entire household, or does your spouse or partner work, and they support your family as well? So what you're eliminating there is that I've been burned before objection or I've tried something like this in the past objection. Well, our area of expertise is helping real estate agents implement their own lead generation ISA teams internally so that they can gain enough predictability and lead volume to be able to build and scale out a team. Trying to keep it common sense though. So do it in your sales teams, guys, and sales are going to go up by a lot. Perfect, dude. We've seen that double answer rates, and since you guys are going to ask, Aloeware, Kiksey, and Ring.io are the ones we see frequently. So we covered here, we isolate the problem, right? Maybe they're in a coaching program right now. And he has a family of four. Like, they don't know if something's wrong with their order or what's up, okay? So for example, gotcha. But first, you optimize the system for throughput, then you can strain it down for the proper amount of quality. Because you'd be surprised. I'll fill out the rest myself. Now, if you're a business owner, I highly recommend going over to the business owner version of this training, which is the Sales Team Accelerator, and going into a video called Onboarding and Ramp-Up, in SDA, and going through that first, and then coming back to this, because this is practically, this course is gonna, it's a great example of what your internal sales training process should look like, of course, with some exceptions. Right now, what I would have asked, and I didn't do it in this call, simply because we just hadn't, like I haven't created this in our own sales process yet. So also, another way to build your conviction is really weighing what the prospects alternatives are. How do you feel? And if I could just kind of get out of this rut of Mr. Phone man and get onto that, that would be a lot easier on me. Sit in front of your computer and really listen, okay? Now on the right side, they could believe they can do it themselves and what we want to do because they have ego is bump them back down into the pocket. What other questions? Are they open to help? Three, okay, so five in about the last two months. Like, what's really at stake? Also, if you look at the show rates masterclass in the training, that covers the whole app grading system as well. If let's say, cause you're trying to, um, you know, temp check like on the front, the front end, if their spouse is supportive and if let's say they, they say, yeah, it's like not a problem that at other super supportive, but if by the end of the call, the spousal objection comes up, how do you circle back to what they said on the call, but without, I guess like either sounding rude or, or whatever, if that happens in this example that you're giving me, what, what did they say, um, earlier on the call? Same thing, right? So we do want to find their monetary goal. This sounds good, but I don't know you, et cetera, right? So constraint really what it is, it's, is all constraints. A lot of people, what they try to do is they try to sell the consult at the same time as qualifying the prospect, which you can do to a degree, but the problem with hard qualifying before you sold the consult and booked them into an appointment is that a lot of times when you qualify, especially on things like financials, maybe spouse, stuff like that, it's a little bit more invasive, it can derail the call. And I'm gonna also kind of pry out, is this a permission thing versus a, you're just letting her know. So because of that, the very first thing we do is build out what we call your offer codex, okay? Which in a lot of cases could be one question, it could be three questions or sometimes they just go there naturally and you might need to just confirm, clarify and verify what they said and then you check it off the list, right? What's your biggest challenge? And honestly, the biggest threat to your business is you guys not thinking on the same wavelength, okay? I mean, and it was more, not because I was, I would actively listen to it sometimes, but the main thing is I just wanted to have it always playing to just burn it into my being, okay? Are you guys 75-25? Or it allows you to see, I mean, it also allows you to see even if they haven't burned what they've tried in the past, what they liked about it, what they didn't like. You shouldn't get resistance with that. And then I tie it to a benefit based on what they told me on the call. So what you're going to do, and this will be a whole separate video, is I'll have you script this out, guys, and then you're going to walk around or stay at your computer or whatever and just say this over and over and over again, okay? Guess what the answer is? Let's get into it. Look, can I be honest with you? Okay, 10-second intervals for both breath in, hold, exhale, and hold at the bottom, okay? Cool, and the biggest problem is lead generation. Also, when do you think you'd have the bandwidth to be able to implement a system that would fix your lead generation so that you can get to $30,000 a month, right? It's just you're trying to get intel. Like if I, if I, if they haven't mentioned a partner or they use we or what or something like that, what you're doing, man, like you probably don't run into a lot of spouse. Doesn't matter what they are. How would it feel is a great question, because by nature, you're getting the emotions there. And then sometimes, I call this a double tie down. So you can fit in the size two. We'll talk about the seven beliefs your prospect must have to buy, what Socratic dialogue is and how we use it to build the seven beliefs. These will be assets for you that I want you to go through multiple, multiple times. Like with Amazon, it was like, if you wanna make any money, you basically like have to grab like a 40K credit limit to buy a bunch of product. Let me know if you have any questions, and I'll see you in the next training, keys to high performance. It's super. Just make sure you have a data point here. So the reason we do that, especially in an audio call, okay? This one's better if you don't do any one-on-one, you don't do any onboarding, you kind of do more of like the strictly group program, two group coaching calls a week type of thing, okay? And these leads in the CRM they've had for like five years. So the first principle I want you guys to know here is that the invasiveness dictates the syntax, okay? So let me ask you, you know, is this just a pipe dream? And I'm using contrast here. But that was like the only leg I had to stand on. Well, if that's what they said, that's the person that they want people to think of them as, so that's kind of their master identity, as we would call it. You know, I think I was probably too hard on myself at the beginning. So I think like one of my biggest concerns later on is getting multichannel. It's going to be terrible. All right, because you're basically really clearly defining current situation versus desired situation. Now we're at pitch. And that's how you create a high pressure, high performance environment that's healthy, okay? They both had very upward inflecting tonality, a locked in, very capped range of expression, and because of the tonality and how, how poor it was, for lack of a better word, there was just no way, no matter what they said, it was not likely to be accepted to be true by the prospect, okay? When I'm on my sales calls, I'm very problem focused, okay? Okay, I love this because you just, they just told you they feel good, and they don't have any questions, right? So think if you have something like that. See you in the next video. We'll just do 65. How are you coming? So, and the best one is, I'm curious, you know, did you ask me that for a reason? Interesting. So some key elements of this is it builds a logical step-by-step process that gets your prospect saying, yeah, that makes perfect sense. Value-based trainings that are pre-recorded, right? Necessity, moving on here, can you easily think of the reasons why, selfishly and unselfishly, this is so important to you. We don't wanna turn one question into 10 questions. And the question to this is zero. Do you need a yes right now? What's ultimately not working. So technically, this is a route you could have gone. Easy way to ask, and this is a different version of, if we can show you how to increase your results by 2X in less than 30 days, is that something you move forward with today? Okay, gotcha. I'll probably go through and tighten up this language a little bit. And then the next follow up question is what do you think is keeping you, keeping you from getting there faster? It's like the most important stuff. So this will be not only having the right pitch, but also our solution questions. So again, this is the key. I love problem linking and copy everything. OK, well, can I ask you an honest question then? Well, guys, you're selling high ticket. Because sometimes, you know, you'll get business owners who, you know, they might be doing like, and I can think of one right off the top of my head who I know now, when they came, they were doing $300,000 a month, and I went through all of these questions, and, you know, basically, the guy said, like, look, I'm in charge of the marketing, that's where we need help right now. And he says, yeah, for sure, right? So you can have them call those as well. Let's say like during the call, you say like, is your spouse supportive of you, of, you know, doing something like this? This is a part of the Socratic dialogue that we'll teach in weeks three and four. You just kind of got to know them. So here's some tips on how to build your conviction. It only has like a thousand dollar limit. I'm pretty good, actually, at what I do now. Well, first of all, you're only asking enough questions to elicit each of the outcomes that we need from each of these parts, right? I know I spent a long, I probably spent five minutes drilling this point home, so we'll move on. Why do you say that? Is that acceptable? But are you currently trying to do anything to get to 50 right now? That's what it really boils down to here. So it just like punts it all to the next call. So, you know, this is not like, with a more sophisticated, more successful business owner where time is on a premium compared to money, I'm gonna ask this one. I listened to a call the other day where somebody went in, it was a fitness offer, and somebody went into, well, what does your ideal body want to look like? Cool, so the next step is pipeline and follow up systems. It's like, so what about the non-monetary goals? And so now I'm going to give you guys an example here of how I just go deeper and deeper and deeper. So once you have this curated opportunity streams and the processes around it, now with our setting team, we can pull the lever, spend more on ads, generate more opportunity, hire more setters, train them, and then get more sales calls because of that repeat. And then also here's the thing, bro, is that when you like, so all of these questions, right. Because what we wanna do is if they have a business partner, we wanna make sure we get them scheduled on this business partner. Do you think they have these? Okay, well, here's how it works. So hopefully that makes sense, guys, I'll go over it again. And honestly, the advertising strategy is just dumb. The problem means nothing unless we know what it's keeping them from doing. And the key with non-buyers is speed, okay? If you're a current sales rep, I'd still go through it, just because it's important to understand how to structure your beginning of day process, your middle of day process, and your end of day process, OK? So this is going to help you create the example I just showed you. So why not last year or a year from now? I mean, why do you feel like you need that now though. Got your form in here. And then you go into the committing phase. I guess that'd be my decision. Tech, and setup. Now, what we really wanna avoid is overuse of upward inflecting. So I don't know, has anybody reached out to you on the team about this yet? I just don't wanna give you like a one-size-fits-all option. It's like absolute, total conviction. How long have you been selling for Dan and Rob for? What do people really buy, OK? I would categorize those both in physiology. Will I get lost? But, you know, in a case where they don't need sold on the method, a story, especially your own personal story, if you're the guru, is like, I mean, that's the best way to go. Yeah, that sounds sick. And then we're gonna drop price in a way that's simple, not confusing, and maximizes your chance for a pay-in-full, cool? And once we can identify those, I can give you some thoughts and if it makes sense, go into what we do and what we have going on over here and how that might work for you. So if you want to make over $1 million a year, the reason that so many people, despite wanting that, are able to push through and actually do it is because they have unreasonable reasons why. So did you finish what you were saying about the surface level question versus the one after they've had five beers and how to get to the real one? How has this impacted your family? Then the email sequence, they opt in. So we're going to use strategy one first. It's like sinking in for sure. You know, I don't need to really ask that, okay? I mean, it makes sense. And also, I don't know if we threw in spouse or not, but we should have, if I didn't, that'd be me. It's going to go this way, but you could do it in any order. And remember, like Russell Brunson, he's not the one who made this up, but he's the first one I heard it from, is he talks about the domino belief. Well, why is that? That is key, it's gonna create a lot of space in the pitch. Now I'm creating the gap. Okay, either they do or they don't, right? And be active, ask questions, et cetera. So the game for it? So that is it for this training, guys, and we'll see you in the next training. So, that being said, man, we can go wherever you want to go from here. Just one. So cost is going to eliminate the time objections and create urgency, okay? So now, on a sales call, how do we actually do this in a cool way, okay? I don't know if you guys have probably seen this training, three-step RRR process. So now we know what it really means in like the emotional state it would put them in. So keep that in mind. Um, you know, I'm, I'm curious, but why do you say that? You never see him like hyped up and all pumped up. Right now. An example is the fast action discount or incentive-based pricing. This assures that they're in a buying situation and I can sit them down with a pen and pad because they don't really know what's next. This is really going to cover just like the fundamentals of how to look at your sales day if you're a sales rep. And it's just critical for your ability to focus on the call and what the prospect's saying without getting in your head, okay? Actually meant to put in your own dialect. A question I always like to ask, is I'll be like, oh, okay, is your spouse in digital marketing too? You know, and it also depends on the tonality and kind of like, you know, do you feel like this person has a lot of ego or do you feel like this is like the 50 year old mom who's like, I don't even know what's going on. So then I would go into like, dude, I'm like, I'm sure like your intention behind that is like, you know, not to put a financial stress on them during this time. Let's say you do Facebook ads. Now, another key element, and this is huge, is benefit linking. And you guys will have access to this document. So they're really, really, really good. You know, there's been going for three years, right? And then, let's say everything's checking out with these first few questions, okay? And what that allows me to do is easily diagnose what's not working, like the chink or the kink in the value chain, and then be able to adjust my behavior so that next time I do hit my projection, right? What's been going on? And that's his dream is not only get to 20K a month to be able to create financial freedom for his family or for himself, but also to be able to retire his wife. You might have people and be like, yeah, man, dude, we've been doing Facebook for a little bit. Grinded man. Now I will, if, you know, it keeps going, I'm not going to like lie and dodge the question, but you know, we just want to be tactful. Sometimes, I mean, you just kind of probe a little bit deeper, and then you find out, yeah, they got bigger goals. Now, one thing is, you know, I did actually, I did, that was not scripted at all. So you'll see how I do that in the pitch. I mean, it's time for me to hire a personal trainer or an expert or something, right? So when we get here, we want to go through our solution questions. And she'll be like, Well, what does that like? So when my people reach out to these types of leads, the context of why they're reaching out is the same every single time, OK? Now, last but not least, the fourth wall. Like, what do you really want, ultimately? But other than that, you can check this off the list and move on. Accept the invite. You getting to blank, how do you see life differently than it is now? So each setter per month is usually going to get assigned 500 to 800 opt-ins, and they're assigned immediately as they come in, okay, which there's trainings on how to set that up later in the course, but 500 to 800 opt-ins per month per setter, right, and for like low ticket stuff like $7, probably about the same ratio. Speed to lead is absolutely king, and these are always, always going to be your best leads. Kind of money and spouse partner. But with those guys, cause I know real estate agents, especially with the bigger companies, if they are part of excellence, you know, dude, you're probably not going to get like a, like that. I gave a weight loss example here as well. Is the one guy you have closing? Oh, man, well, can I ask you a personal question? So this is perfect because since you peppered it right into the pitch, like, if they do bump back against it, you are about to tell them what it is. Really wasn't even that good at sales at the time. Or is that something you also feel like you might possibly need help with? It's like you're digging a valley. So does this impact, right now, you know, you mentioned, like, you've been probably about 30 to 40 pounds, for 30 to 40 pounds heavier than you really want to be for the past two or three years now. Then tell yourself you're at a nine and then you fall down to, you keep lying to yourself. And you'll see how this ends up playing out. You're trying to capitalize on the business as you get it. I'll have a Becca splice it down and post it in the course. So the reason I was able to get 50 calls for 10 slots, and I could've gotten more than that, honestly, but still, like that was enough, is because I planned everything I was going to be doing meticulously for weeks, okay? Like the call itself becomes a meditation because I'm so present. We've clearly defined Hell Island, Heaven Island, and there's all these other bridges, right? 1098 West Dutch Lane. The reason I wanted to separate it is because when I first came out with this course, it was only basically this curriculum, as you'll see down here. Now, there could be exceptions. And you can do it with your onboarding. How exactly did it work? Oh man, okay, well, how would that make you feel, though? We got all these different coaches. And then at the same time, I didn't include this in the training, but at the same time, when they ask their goals, you want to clarify, is that gross or is that net? I just need just somebody to hold my hand through all of this. You just don't even know, right? I'm just gonna fail, right? So status drops can be anything from sharing case studies or even more powerfully, kind of name dropping maybe some big people that you've worked with, some big brands that you've been a part of, big things you've been a part of, publications that you've been in, things that you've done that have been notable, whatever, your own track record. So what we're to cover is the entire system for one-call closes. I have a question on going into finances. You get off the phones, not the bottleneck anymore. And then ultimately in terms of our goals, what we're looking to move towards, okay. Like, you know, like unless it feels natural, check a little bit. But again, nothing at all? After that, we find the lead quality goes down drastically. We want to go deeper. But it's certainly not the most influential state you can be in. So how and when to use pain questions. This one's really important because when you set the intentions for the next day and then you sleep on it, your brain's going to, I don't know how it works, but whatever, your brain optimizes for that the next day. Sales reps are the most expensive hire in your business, period, okay? It's like, I can't tell you how many times I've pitched this last pillar, and it's what really knocks people's socks off. So again, quick thing here. Cause and that's also going to create contrast. I want to get out the phone. So this should be throughout. When you want to go deeper, you just repeat what they said in the form of a question and it's making you feel trapped. Well, obviously, a lot of, you know, that those two steps are gonna generate profit by itself, but also at the same time, I can have my salespeople say, hey, you know, this live webinar we're gonna do next Friday is gonna be huge, okay, it's gonna be super valuable, like hit up your pipeline, tag it a minute, tell them to attend, et cetera. Let's dive into how the support works through the 12 weeks. And then anytime you're going with your vision, you're also inspired. Sometimes you can just ask, how has this impacted other areas of your life? And there's with prideful people, you kind of need to do this to get them to admit that, yeah, they need help. I don't like to drink, I don't like to eat any carbs until I've already completed my day. If you do this right and you have the right rapport, you have the right trust, you're using the right syntax, your tonality is good, every once in a while, you're going to have somebody where it's like, I don't know why this dude does what he does. A lot of people want to start a coaching business and you paint heaven island, but then you kind of assign 20K a month to it, right? Now, the last thing we're gonna talk about is the three levels of rapport and three different tonalities, okay? It's going to be Facebook group joins. And nobody, everybody's always like, they want good expectations, they want to make sure they get into an engagement the right way, so when you kind of hold that frame there, they're going to kind of seem like an ass if they're like, oh no, my partner's not going to get on the call. We have guys doing 250, 300, 500 a month and more. Okay, Friday afternoon, 2 p.m. or 4 p.m., gotcha. I want to make sure they're not at freaking Walmart or something. I'll tell you what, I was terrible at every other thing in the agency except for sales. They might have tried a done-for-you agency. We just deal with the fundamentals here Wall Street mastermind so like that's kind of how you keep it really grounded That's how you you know get believability from those kind of people to I think just after listening to one of your calls as well I mean these people are really smart. He just could not get past this five-lead-a-month barrier. I was like, what do you mean by that? We just said, hey, if there was a way for a possible, would you be potentially open to it? I just want to give you a preview of what we do to gain moral authority. Like after you pay your expenses, bills, everything, how much are you gonna have leftover net cashflow 30 days? It's used when there's no current problem to dig into, okay? And as I said, I use this one probably the most in a combo with number two. And now the only way to move forward is take five steps backward and just start the process again. But the strategy and the underlying principles and concepts, that'll work, OK? Get where you're coming from. It has to be this kind of big, hairy, audacious goal that, at the same time, is realistic, believable, and achievable, if that makes sense. Replace the amount of income you're getting from Pinterest. And then there's three sort of key things here and then through each of these, there's like three or four questions I could ask to go deeper. Like how long has it been going on? Now, drawbacks of a two-call close, okay? If he's working at Walmart, if he's on food stamps, okay, yeah, disqualify. Because a lot of times when you get cost and pain and desire and all these other ones, you're going to get them emotionally aroused in the sense of like, they're going to want to buy, but they don't want to feel dumb. That's your method, is the ketogenic diet, and the only way to do that is through the 4-Day Keto, right, which is like your kind of IP, your mechanism, whatever, like your product. Okay, so hope you wouldn't be offended, wouldn't be offended, hope you wouldn't mind, hope it's okay, whatever, if we just recapped the last call to make sure everybody's on the same page. I do. It establishes consistency. But usually for me, once I scripted out, say it three, five times, I'm good. But I just will say, in my experience, because the opportunity is not curated, that alone is not going to be enough to really have the setter producing an amount that makes sense for the business. And there's nothing wrong with contacting this person two to three times in the first two hours. And like, in this case, Sunday was like two days ago. OK, so I know that's a corny example. So a few things about this question is, what I found works really well is, obviously, first, getting permission. And if you really implement this and take this to heart, it's gonna be a game changer for you, so let's get into it. But if you're selling them books, I wouldn't be calling book buyers from two, three, four, five months ago unless that is the last resort, like we went through all of the leads. It's so natural to be like, wow, man, dude, you're spending so much time at work. There's just some that are more accurate or relevant to you than others. financial questions. And we can also obviously go into these. It's like, no dude, it's definitely going to change. It's a great way to always set yourself up in it for a cool way to ask it. Cool, so look, I have a training. What's up? I think we covered that in the VSL math, OK? So four steps to get you from zero control on your sales calls to closing at least 30% or more of the people you speak with in about eight weeks. This is where the prospect lends you their decision making process because they believe one, you have their best interest at heart, they 100% trust you, and two, they believe that you are a better expert in this context than they are, okay? And really the energy you're getting from your vision as well. So check this out. They're going to tell you the number that sounds good, and not the number that is more importantly, which is net. What are the 20% of the steps that provide 80% of the results, right? Now, there's another key later, but, again, to repeat these two steps here, create a high-performance culture where not hitting projections is unacceptable, then create projections that are impossible to hit without doing follow-up and self-gen, okay? So that's it for this video. If you're a setter or you wanna get better at triages, listen to this again and again and again, okay? You know, getting to whatever they said they wanted, why is that important to you? It's just Yeah, I've got a good one for that so I mean look What you want to do is enter your ideal clients head at the moment They have the realization that something's changed and what's that narrative? I mean any smart person, they're just going to tell you, oh I mean dude it's, I told you earlier it's the leads, I don't have any leads, like are you not listening type of thing, right? So we're going through a lot of threes. Another example, totally un-personal development related, is imagine the mechanic inspects your car, and, you know, after he's under the hood, he closes the hood, he walks over to you, he explains to you exactly what's wrong, what the problems are, why those problems are a problem, what's gonna happen if nothing changes, and he explains to you, like, in a detail where he just knows this problem like the back of his hand. Sometimes you're gonna miss your projections, so don't let this be your like be all, end all. One or two things are going to happen here. So I might see what he has to say, but, you know, I'm going to reschedule to get this other guy's opinion, too, because obviously he holds a majority share, and his opinion is definitely valuable, okay? Okay, well, how many hours, I know you're doing all the sales calls right now. You're going to get an honest answer. So how do I, for my offer, because it's pain, doubt, cost, desire, money, support, trust, right? So the mechanics of it, how it works, and ultimately what you feel like are the constraints that are keeping you from being where you wanna be. Now, let me give you an example. So you were saying- So this is rapport, right? We're looking for an isolated pain, right? There's the people who do this and the people who, people who do that right now, it's looking like, and you know, you paint the picture for each of those. He's starting to chunk down a little bit with finances and out of that he's netting 3k. Oh, no, I never got any one-on-one. And then also, another thing the setters are going to be doing in terms of getting curated opportunity is they're going to be triaging apps that we grade as twos, okay? This is one of the biggest breakthroughs I've ever had in terms of how I was doing my sales calls, okay? So that being said, that is it for this training, guys. Skill development. But keep in mind, when I say building these seven beliefs, you could also almost look at it as breaking down seven limiting beliefs, which is seven objection creating beliefs as well. So kind of sounds funny, neglecting your setters. We do temp check, next steps, investment. It's going to be a breath of fresh air because it's going to seem a lot simpler than probably some of this makes it out to be, okay? Like, you know, let's say it's like, you know, that dude's doing 5k a month. Because a lot of times, like, with these tie-downs, people, they just kind of tell you, yeah, does that make sense? Again, by no means a bad call, but I definitely didn't do everything perfect. Feel free to watch it again if you want or just skip it. So if there's better things to do, they should be doing that. Like there might be times where just organically in the conversation, the why now, why not stay where you are? We'll go over the pre-pitch. Obviously, I don't do Real Estate Legion. I'm not going to let myself. And to be honest, guys, this is what I use now, and I just recommend 99% of people do this, okay? Now, obviously, if this is coming directly, if they're transitioning right into the triage script from the outbound dial itself, you're not gonna have the rapport and frame section. If you get surface level, or really, if you get anything, sometimes you'll ask that, and you'll get it, and you'll know. 4K is the revenue for the past two months. How long has that gap been going up? So what we really wanna do is kinda remain more on the equal inflecting and downward inflecting. Now, here's what I said about earlier. There's problems first syntax where we go over the pain first and then everything else. So now we're in objections, basically. So not really. Or do you feel like that's something you might also possibly need our help with or somebody's help with? So typically, we're not going to go into cost questions until we've kind of gone through a good portion of this, right? And then you guys are going to go through this on your own. So we just kind of state before we go into the four pillars, or the five pillars, three pillars, whatever, here's what this is all about, OK? So in this example, let's pretend we're Ben. Cole here, and welcome to the overview video of week one, the ramp-up, okay? So I kind of created two versions for you here. You think people who no-showed, they were interested, whatever, something happened, you need to get them back on the call, should be easy, should be a low-hanging fruit. So we wanna develop a system that allows us to really call these guys as fast as possible. So, what's gonna happen is, they're gonna delegate the leads, they're gonna get a Slack notification, and maybe a Gmail notification, as well as it's gonna pop up in their AlloWare. But then after 30 days, those people aren't even going to remember they booked, 60 days tops. So money aside, talking to your wife aside, you're a hundred percent in. That is it. Sometimes they're driving and you just can't hear it. Um, you know, you chunk down lead flow. Where do you feel like you fall exactly, all right? One thing I will say is what we want to know is not only what they want. No. Right? Weird. Prospect's like, yeah. And two, make sense of how it's delivered at a high level. Temp check is where we're at right now. What people buy is states on both a surface level and emotional level. And a lot of times I just think it's easier to frame the call because it does give you a feeling and that sense of control. All right, so I like beef up my Testimonials page with that especially during this time so I dropped I was like offered to do like a live workshop in return for like a short video and I think you're like really struck a chord because like everyone wanted it and so I think I might take that two-step I think I might take that two-step and just like modify it Into like a ad for cold traffic basically and just test it Yeah, I would test several different leads look at that training with Mike it's a he puts it right in the beginning so I Test several different leads that it's like, you know The typical Robert call your thing enter the conversation already going on in the prospects mind Right and it's just because we're wired right now to where like all the attention is on this thing and So if we you know If we acknowledge that we know what's going on in it Like we're not necessarily talking about it But by the very nature of acknowledging that we kind of are We're we're taking some of that attention and I've heard those ads with that He's made those changes on are absolutely crushing it, dude So I would try that I mean that's for all you guys running ads I would do that. So let's go through kind of the language, the process, and the different questions you can use here. When the salesperson calls me, it should pop up as 740, okay? And you wanna be asking yourself if you're doing stuff like that as well. You need, when people are really on here, you'll be able to tell. No. Gotcha. I just like free willy journal on all my feelings. We can give you exact scripting for that. And, you know, it worked. And then you would wanna probably prove that to be true with a case study in your actual pitch about how powerful that can really be. So, I do that, I'll usually ask, what questions do you have on that? So, we wanna understand the difference between hard and soft offers. What's up guys, Cole here, and if you're on this page, you just booked a free sales team auto with either me or my team, okay, so there's gonna be a quick like 30, 60 second video here, just to make sure you can show up as prepared as possible to get as much value as possible out of our call together. Right, this is a trust question. To give them a simple bridge of how to go from point A to point B, that's the bridge. If you think of it as in like all the questions are an arrow, you're adding the arrows to your quiver and based on what the prospect's saying, you're going to take out an arrow and shoot it. And he was like, well, what if, you know, you create this dialogue, and they just say, well, dude, just tell me the price. I call them syntaxes, because it's kind of more of a looser form than a script. Is that just a goal that you're setting because you feel like it's realistic? And then, cool. So this is something I used to say on the calls all the time and I said it because it was actually true, okay? So this is technically a chunking down question, so this would be in part two. Like, like a more general, like what you sell. Like, what's gonna happen if nothing changes? So for instance, I'll give you an example, I used to coach a big, big coaching program that taught fit pros that were going online. He seems totally natural, but the whole thing is scripted, right? First one is neglecting your setters. I mean, what about this business and getting it to seven figures is so important to you, right? Now, I took the first 10 and closed the first 10, all one call close, but I generated 50 calls, okay? Did I serve people today? Like it's 10K today, but it's, or sorry, it's 15K normally, but it's 10K today, right? We also wanna use downward or equal tonality, not upward. Okay, so you wanna get to 50 grand a month, what's keeping you from doing that on your own? So uncertainty, well emotionally he has the anxiety from not knowing where his next lead, a client, dollar is going to come from. They just figure it out. I recommend HubSpot, Alloware, that's what we recommend. This is kind of two different things. We'll see you in the next video of training. So let me know if that makes sense. I know that's a potential problem. It's compelling. So like independent, and that's in your industry too. And I'll tell you from experience, our best clients are the ones able to push through, because they have unreasonable reasons why achieving what they want to achieve is so important. So because what's gonna happen here is when they start saying we, all right, well, yeah, I mean, you know, we started back, and, you know, three years ago, and we started because of this reason, I'm already thinking, all right, you know, business partner, who's we, right? I'm seeing more Having more kind of like cancellations with like a lot of like reschedules people just being kind of confused or like just like seeming overwhelmed, so I'm working on just I'm trying to show up with leadership and strength and all those good things that we're talking about In the face of this challenge is what I'm what I'm saying. You getting the 25 grand a month, what would that do for you personally, right? And that's not, you know, necessarily bad. But it's like, we want to kind of be thinking about what they're saying as they're saying it. If we don't have, the reason why it's important is if we don't have it, we're gonna get this cost, here's the consequence of that cost, and the consequence of that consequence, linking the costs together, the negatives. And it's a combination of not just the skilled questions, but also active listening, all right? And you went through it, how I did it, how I coached you, and then you say, this makes sense, do you have any questions, do you have any thoughts? Now, the other key is if we promote the assets correctly, like two steps, you know, having people register for webinars or buy a master class and give you a phone number, I mean, that in itself creates more outbound opportunity for setters and closers as well. But like, I have to know kind of like, I need to chunk it down to the right thing to be able to create that like contrast of the gap. This video will teach you, I think, five strategies on how to do that. So, you know, go through these trainings multiple times and really like harness the questions and how we do the pitch and all this stuff. This is really, and it's funny because it's the most basic one, but it's the number one way to produce more energy is by nailing these. OK, well, are you willing to sell for that, though? And then, of course, you can follow up with your consequence questions as well afterwards. And after we go through that, we really don't explain any how we're gonna fulfill those and those pillars. That's so key. They just admitted that they need help and they can't fix it on their own. These are the phases of the call. Um, you know, I learned a little bit about Facebook ads, but yeah, I mean, I definitely need help with that. How soon do you want to attract him, right? And you'll see why it's so important in just a second when we talk about breaking ruts, but guys, like, please do this because it's really, really helpful. It has to have tangibility, specificity, and collapse time, which basically means it has to make them feel like they're gonna get a very specific result in a lot faster timeframe than they could on their own, right, there has to be a specific good promise to it, like it could be 30K a month in 90 days from zero, right? You've been doing that for a whole 12 months. So can I ask you another question, or can I ask you a personal question, or can I ask you an honest question, all right? Because what you're gonna see is that even though I just gave you these formulas, I kind of modify it to, it hits all of the elements that we talked about up here. But this is if they're not playing ball. Very man. So this is a basically permission. But we're still going to get in ruts, guys. It's because when you start with the pain, it's very, very easy to lead into literally all of these, okay? Physiology, clarity, necessity, and inspiration, okay? We do a lot of like consulting type stuff, like marketing consulting. Oh, here it is. But a lot of times somebody wants to make 2K a month but they want to travel the world or they want to do these things that cost more than what their monetary goals are. Where was it? So just be careful that if they tell you, I just have no idea what's going on and I'm confused. In other words, every objection you ever get ever on a sales call can be traced back to seven different reasons slash beliefs. It's like the next step from this. So you see how it starts at the deliverable, the feature, and then it kind of moves up the benefit chain here. Yeah, man. What I would do, and this is a very practical book as well, is pick up The Inner Game of Tennis. So a great example of this is when I was selling, I got into this like two-month span where I was only studying real estate investing, okay? And then I get my reason. Well, if I know that I'm gonna tag all of like my B2C, dating people, whatever, and be like, hey, here's somebody just like you who is getting amazing results, and then I'm gonna DM them on Facebook and say, hey, did you see the, you know, the such-and-such training, client interview thing I tagged you in just really reminded me of you, they're gonna be like, oh, yeah, man, thanks for tagging me with that. Okay, but we'll go over this question in the next training in terms of how to qualify properly. It's like, okay, man, well, does that put you in a tough spot with your family? So the rest of this training is really just going to be diving into each of the curated opportunity streams and then the SOPs we use to capitalize on them for our setters, okay? So that being said, do you have access to credit to fund your business? Oh, well, I mean like our biggest thing right now is that all our eggs are in one basket and even though Facebook's working really, really well, everybody's going to be banned from Facebook. And it's like, well, this is due to where your business wants to go and things like that. As you can say, well, what do you want people to say at your funeral? So like this is one definitely you want to ask about it and all that kind of stuff for a B2B offer. So I'm like, right vehicle next to the number two. So always err on the side of simplicity. How much money did you do in September? You wanna get $10 million, but you're making like 10K a month, okay? It's like, awesome. It's gonna be the same call, all right? Projections are your bare minimum standards, okay? But they could also give a little bit more insight on this type of stuff. Especially because time, as you know, is your most valuable resource, right? So see how I asked the question again, even though he didn't answer it. We talked about this. And because of that, why we do things differently and how that benefits the client, that is the key. So let's say the last pillar, this fourth pillar is sales team build, OK? And then I'm at be like, by the way, before we even get into this, like the biggest thing, like we take client results really seriously. All right? Because you guys know what the answer to this question is for most people, no progress, right? That's what I would have done in this situation. Be ruthless about your leading indicators. When do you think you'd have the bandwidth to be able to implement something like this so that you can fix it and get to your goal, right? So your whole sales call is basically seeing where they're, where they're stuck and then removing that and demonstrating that you can remove that constraint so they can keep, um, pressing forward. Yeah, I got one. So they try to make their setters mine the database and take advantage of all this opportunity that did fall through the cracks. What's the reason I'm doing, what's the reason doing what I'm doing is so important? Like they don't want to feel like, oh, this is another thing I invested in, it's not going to work. He was one of my mentors who I learned sales under and a lot of this stuff was inspired by him. Because sometimes they're like, I don't even know what my problem is. But I feel like we already have enough ammo. And I even added actually trust questions to this as well. So when we start off the call, like what we want to do ASAP, like we don't move forward until we find this out almost immediately as we find the problem, okay? Makes sense, okay? Repetition, let's hit it. The sales team build. So because of that, it's just gotten so saturated, so competitive, the market's gotten more sophisticated, they're more used to being on calls like these. That's going to help us, one, figure out if they're qualified, we can actually help them. I'm like, whoa, you know? And out of those two, you sold both at about 10 K now. Your favorite actors, your favorite movies, they're all scripted, okay? Let me know if you have questions, and then I'll see you guys in the next week or the next training. So cold calling scenarios for high ticket. Thank you. You can see here's the page. Now, real key exception here, if this is coming from an inbound lead, remember that if it's an inbound lead and your sales coordinator, your sales manager or whatever is just giving you that call to qualify, then obviously you don't need to sell the dang consult because they've already tried to book the consult. And then every once in a while I'll get the pushback where they're like, well, I just want you to walk me through all the different possibilities. So, okay. Our cup needs to be overflowing with certainty, right? And really, this section, this week, along with the note-taking process you learned in week 2 is what allowed me to just get insane results. Or is that pretty much exactly the reason you're on the phone looking for help with? So after I get the temp check and there's no questions, I say, great. You've been yo-yo dieting for three years now. Like, why all of a sudden, is this something you're possibly looking into shifting right now? This is going to see what they've tried in the past, if they've tried anything. But, you know, as I've coached hundreds and hundreds of salespeople at this point, what I've realized is that you can actually do a lot of that stuff on the front end correctly. I'm super self-confident. I'm just curious, but what would you change about that if you could? And then emotionally, they have a feeling of discomfort. This is why we use Aliware. Cap commissions, what do you mean? Still, it's really actually, you know, not a bad investment. A lot of them don't, right? But what I would do is create a little portion here where you talk about the method. The downside is this, weekly. And this is something I just made up over time, but this is what I think about before every sales call. And they're like, yeah, I mean, I think that the one-on-one with Voxer and booking a one-on-one call when I need it and just having that immediate access is definitely gonna help me and definitely gonna be what I was missing from the other program. When we started using one, we got like 15 to 20. So they're going to say, well yeah but like, you know, maybe I could but like tell me about your program. And 10 is like, yeah, that sounds like exactly what I need. They're good at what they do. For instance, how many times, and I've taken 2,500 sales calls, so this has happened to me more times than I want to admit. Oh yeah, brother. And so, for like a while, it was like, oh, I'll be an online personal trainer. Like you had said X, Y, and Z at the beginning of the call. Sometimes you'll get everything that you need. So what I recommend is to get good at this, I don't wanna make this training just about discovery and asking questions and all this stuff, I just wanna show you the process. And so far, like the few times that I've tried that, that language pattern, it hasn't really worked because they'll just say like, I don't know, one guy was like, yeah, I mean the long-term, but I'm more of a live in the present moment type of guy. Again, it just depends on, you know, should be customized and tailored to an extent to the prospects, needs, pains, current, desired situation, so on and so forth. So that's how people get here. Now, you really don't need to use these every single time. Well, I have a hard time following it. And so that's why you can say the same words as somebody else is saying. Now talking with her aside, is there anything else that's keeping you from being less than a hundred percent certain that this is what you want to do and now's the right time, basically, if she had given you the green light and said like, look, you make whatever decisions best for your health right now, we'd a hundred percent be working together. Does that put you in a tough spot with insert other area of your life, right? So now we want to create doubt through skilled questioning, chunking down, reframes, bunch of stuff we'll talk about when we get into problems for syntax and the questions and all this stuff, okay? So I'm not gonna do these ones, but this would be the third problem, inconsistency performance. It's like a creative process for me that like I lose myself because I enjoy it so much. So here's the syntax I usually use, all right? See all this space in the middle? Okay, well, out of that 80% then, how many hours do you feel like you're on sales calls specifically? What have you tried in the past three years to be able to fix it? That's gonna raise their level of certainty. Now this is where it gets tricky is like that same transformation could be subpar to par if like, let's say all our friends were fitness competitors and she felt like she was behind the pack. Like, don't be dumb. So let's account 30% for expenses, which is low, right? I have no excuse not to do it before any call, even if I'm running a couple minutes late. What it's really about is giving the prospect complete clarity and certainty on what they need to get from point A to point B, and at the same time, explaining why they're stuck or why things they tried in the past haven't worked, and then therefore, how this is gonna be different, okay? Like, don't ask these if they're gonna be redundant, right? We're gonna do a call analysis breakdown of an outbound call. I mean, I think this is gonna be the second call review in this week that you guys are gonna go through. How do you think that would have helped specifically? It's a great framework for these difficult cost questions. How much money do you want to be making consistently in your month or in your business right now? There's really no right or wrong way to do this, because every offer, every market's going to be different. They're so confident in the groundwork that they lay before they even step onto the playing field that they like, it might as well already be done, you know? And once we do do that, what do we do, okay? Then I finish out with what am I grateful for? Or something like that. So you do it on like, not, do you want to do this? because we can only influence somebody in the external world through what we have internally. You can talk to our clients Get some like literally use all of our resources use our team get results So you can see this is a real thing and if for any reason, you know a week later You're like this isn't what Sam said it was gonna be this doesn't seem like the right thing. Like, you know, that's, I don't know, they're just like, get combative. So last thing is your overall vibe, okay? Obviously, this is something I'm assuming, like in this example, he would have already told me on the call. What are you going to do if nothing changes? Or whatever it is. And you know, the leads are, they're decently qualified and yeah, man, it's going pretty well. Say, you know, you bring up those different points, you say them with certainty, like, dude, at least you'll get them, you'll get them good on that call. And so it made for really good case studies, and they were just, like, five, 10 days in, the program changed their life, like, they're loving it. You know, just being like just really natural, almost like just slightly awkward, like really human, a little like not all right. What actually holds attention is pauses and shifts in the cadence and even shifts in cadence and emphasize certain words. And, you know, this is stuff that they can do off the meeting and then bring on to the meeting, but, you know, why are these things important? There's the outbound Facebook messenger strategy, okay? Because this is definitely a moving away from opposed to a moving towards. OK, well, can I just be honest with you for a second? So instead, what we do is feature so that you can inverse benefit of the problem and ultimately the benefit of that benefit, okay? And that's what we're talking about here. They should be doing more, but that is kind of my cutoff point there. And the reason I say that is like a lot of like local, like my dad and like people like that, like he's like, obviously he's old, but like he's like very weary of like the online world. You can find the information for the tech call in the group, or you can PM me directly and we can put you in touch with the tech guy who does this for all of our clients. So they're both valuable. How long have you been making that amount of money for? So what we're going to cover in this video is what people really buy, the six human needs and emotional states, tension and internal pressure, heaven and hell island, and your only two jobs on a sales call. I want them to, if they execute flawlessly, I want them to be accurate enough to where they're gonna hit their projections most of the time. Okay, yeah, I'm not sure if I'm understanding your question. If you need help with this, we have a weekly tech call. Uh, honestly it's just, I mean like when I'm on the phone all the time, I think, and I'm just kind of thinking through this as you're asking me, it just, gosh man, I just, I think the reason why I'm on the phone so much is because, you know, it can be up and down, right? So it's like killing these objections and also at the same time linking it to benefits, right? That's why it's a burden. I think I was in the midst of this announcement and then I got off track and I don't even know what I started doing. Perfect, awesome. Basically, I did a basic transition, okay? So what they're doing here is obviously guys, like my clients, unless I get a really good one, like they're not gonna have this. So real quick, just edit. So the belief ladder is really something that is an explanation of my thought process of how sales work and also how things on the sales call relate to other things on the sales call. So again, it's about giving them clarity and certainty, and making your pitch the simultaneous explanation of why everything they tried in the past has failed, and why this is gonna be different, okay? That's the entire rest of the training, okay? When's the last time you had sex? So if you're a business owner, this is good to go through to know how to structure your SOPs. So that's called the ramp up. It's like a client has reached out to me before and been like, I'll be like, did you hit your projection? You're not at eight, nine, or 10 plus on the scale. Look, processes, systems, they matter, all right? There's good cadence. I'm just going to say that. Or what is your plan if nothing changes? I use it all the time. Who are they trying to sell to? The key is really kind of isolating the pain first and then we're chunking down and creating doubt on the pain. It's like, yeah. So really simply, getting clear on what the prospect wants and how that's going to impact them. So I'll put this at the beginning here, and we'll get to it. Emotionally, they have the feeling of ease. You're not gonna get any energy from your vision because it's not realistic. I want to cover the example first, because my hallucination is that the first video probably made sense, but you're probably still a little bit uncertain on exactly how it works. Like, I used to have people all the time tell me like, ha, I didn't realize it was this bad, as we're chunking it down into their pipeline and all this different stuff. And it's really how I
every single sales call that I've ever done a call review on, ever. As long as we adjust behavior. Like you're a hundred percent certain and clear on your offer. It's good to sometimes default to a two-call to where in between, you might give them assets and homework and stuff to go through so they understand your philosophy and credibility and who you've worked with and whatever in between that first and second call and a two-call close process technically is longer and since there's two different calls, the trust because there's a longer timeframe is gonna be higher because they spent more time with you, right? What does he like about it? So this is what makes it very, very scalable. So, then we hit them with this one. So it kind of created myself a glorified job, not a business. So we want to find the problem. We have clear SOPs for both the phone and Messenger on how to capitalize people joining the group, right? What do you think has been the biggest thing that's been keeping you from being able to transition out of your job and replace your income? It's because they just didn't internalize the pitch, and they just didn't conceptualize or understand any of this stuff. If they don't know their numbers and you do uncover that there's some like, well, obviously you've got some holes in your strategy. It's just a buddy of mine. So the salesperson responds, yeah, I definitely understand being on overcrowded group calls is annoying. Well, you need to dig into that and really build this trust belief before you transition to your close, so you can position your pitch away from everything they tried in the past, and towards everything they feel like they didn't get, that they feel like if they got, would have made all of the difference. Emotional level, a little bit deeper, there's all of these emotions going on and the easiest way to think of them is through the lens of the six human needs. That video I sent you about the four core things. What makes me really excited to share this with you is I've had people implement this in the program, past clients, who've doubled their close rates and effectively doubled their revenue, doubled their business. Okay, so nailing this one prevents spouse and partner objections. Did you ask me that for a reason, all right? It's a must-win game. Of like, oh, well, that's why you need help because you're not even tracking your calories and that kind of thing. So the pitch in and within itself, if you do it right, has a lot of value. But you have an opportunity to change that. Like, nope, don't have that. Another big one is have you lost your aggression, all right? What's your goal ultimately? So look, we have clients in the fitness space doing, I know you're doing like 60, man. Yeah, yeah, cool. So pumped up certainty versus resolve, okay? Have you, have you considered that? You can do these on your Facebook profile, email. So in the short term, don't get like, oh my God, I'm in a rut because two days went by and I didn't close anybody, all right? Like, how does this impact the energy, like on a scale of one to 10? Like, background context questions to just understand the context of what they're trying to do. You. On a normal sales call, like what my mind thinks about is the set, okay, paying down cost, desire, money, support, trust, boom. This is not very fancy, childish looking diagram, but it says the current and future pain of doing nothing has to be far greater than the time, money, the pain that's associated with the time, money, and energy that's going to go into your offer slash investment. So, well, you know, I don't really want to answer that question, right? And so that, and then I link it to a benefit. So I'm gonna have to share my screen again. So there's basically three steps, and this is super, super simple stuff. They're going to tell you because they want help. And you're going to be able to train on those, memorize those, and really be able to execute this information-gathering phase very, very free flow and have tons of questions at your disposal to really go deep with the prospect during this phase. Like, you're always going to do rapport, then you're going to do frame. But you got it in your toolkit if you need it. And this allows you to like punt a lot of the detail-oriented questions. I'm linking it logically from A to B. So what we're gonna start doing, or get started with, is looking at the sales process at a high level with slight adjustments for lifestyle offers, which is like fitness, dating, B2C. Moving on, let's talk about support. Now, what I do wanna talk about, just to get you thinking about this, and you're gonna hear me say this again in the training, is a big misconception about follow-up is that most people think the key to follow-up is processes and systems, okay? The students were getting results. Now, here's some other questions you can ask that basically you're kind of seeing here if they've received the benefits of your program. We also know the more clearly we define current desired situation, the more tension we create, and the tension will compel the prospect to take action. And also ask yourself, have you been creating clarity on your calls? You can even show your wife that if you want to, but will you go through that before tomorrow? Okay, so it's not about fancy names, and the benefits, uniqueness, and cost anchoring, and future pacing. I just kind of checked off these like four things here. Like his calendar's wide open and he can't even get any consults. How you doing, man? So this is really going to land with somebody who might be this prospect. Later. Pretty simple, guys. So this is why I say you guys need to be like an actor, right? Saw you clicked on our ads this week and how you can make 10 to 20 million in a long-term mobile housing. Well, the key to losing weight is keto, let's say. There's usually not a lot of group going on. And when I dug deeper and found out why, it was because it was always in the application and they were like, well, I already know what their current goal weight is because they put that in the assessment form in the application. They're some of the biggest ones in the high-ticket space. And poise is a calm sense of certainty under pressure. In larger sample sizes, so we're talking two weeks or more, it's gonna be you, okay? I'm doing it to show you guys and demonstrate for you guys what the process sounds like in action. If that makes sense. This is stuff that really got me good. I'm sort of on more like a long term, like overall vision of what his life wants to look like. Yes. Now, this is a big one, and I never realized this was going to be a problem until we've had so many clients screw this one up. We can't Google or research this. Like, can you sense that there's not really a depth of experience behind the words that they're saying? Part of it has to do with you selling high ticket, because let's say their goal is $5,000 a month. So basically, like, you know, I was just doing that, guys, for this, this, I kind of reworked my offer a little bit. And so these are two things that we talked about last time. So when we frame the call, okay, we're going to end with, awesome man, we're going to end on an agreement. So he's spending 40 to 55 hours a week on calls. Ultimately if you were able to cut time, the time you're spending in fulfillment by a hundred percent, meaning like completely get rid of it, what would that time you have back open you up to doing your business? As long as you're listening and you clarify and ask probing questions on those things, you don't need to be a robotic person following a script and ask those questions as if you were not listening, okay? That's not something we do a lot of, but, like, let's say you don't do one-on-ones. Like I don't want to put that financial burden on my husband or wife, or in my case, his parents. Not in terms of a what to say standpoint on your calls, but this is stuff you can implement right away, and I truly believe this is the 20% that is gonna drive 80% of your results. So most of the sale in any one of Russell Brunson's presentations, or webinars, or events, or whatever, most of the sale of what he focuses on is convincing them that the way, the method is funnels. And three, it has a clear SOP on how to capitalize on that opportunity and turn it into a set for a closer, a clear SOP that is repeatable. Now, earlier on this call, you mentioned your perfect client was somebody who fit X, Y, and Z. When I first had people doing this, there's this big information gathering document that you guys are going to get access to. And then you'd want to go into goals, right? Like it's not good. Background. Now, we're gonna get into key points for business owners and key points for sales reps. Spirituality, breathwork, whatever it is. Like, I'm probably not going to promise 30%, OK? If there was a way, if it were possible to be able to collapse that timeframe from six months to 30 days, which I might not think you might not think right now is possible, but just suspend disbelief for a moment, would you potentially be open to trying to achieve that goal in a sooner timeframe? So I'm trying to think of an example. That there's no way that can come up at the end. Okay, now again, everything that we do is all customized. So fast. So that's why I want to use a phrase like, it's kind of like reverse engineering the sale. And then give them some homework. I mean, there's times where I would hit 10 deals in a week. It's gonna affect you negatively because your inputs dictate your outputs and your outputs dictate your influence. So, if you see what I did, it's one is, and don't just copy this from me, like, this is just me being me here. Um, obviously the offer is to put in a sales rep for him so that he can get off the phone and continue work on fulfillment, but, um, is a bigger problem that he doesn't have a team in place first, or is that not really as big of a concern? There's a current situation on a surface level and a current situation on an emotional level. I was like, okay, let's start talking about the solution a little bit here. Now what's funny about this is when now they have control or the illusion of control. So we're going to get into how the prospects come to the conclusion that working with you is the path of least resistance. We have pain questions, background questions, doubt questions, financial resource solution, cost question, or consequence and cost, sorry, vision and desire. So once we get some clarity here, I'll tell you if there's a pathway for us to be able to help, then I'll take what we have, go back to my team, share what we discussed, then I'll book another call where I'll go over our customized game plan of how we can get you to your goals depending on what that is and what we discussed. And the reason I ask is because one of the big things and reasons I do this and the RCA stuff is not just to give you a skill that's building you wealth, but also one that's empowering you to live a lifestyle that you want to live. One to 10. But again, sometimes it just naturally comes up. So I do recommend that you go through these and you really master this, but you should also understand all of these different questions you can ask and you should drill these with flashcards and just really ingrain them into your being, okay? So you're gonna learn both of those. You wanna break the least amount of promises to yourself, if possible, if any, okay? Does it impact any other areas of your life? And then I also do identity document. I mean, that's just pertinent info, right? What anxieties or depressions kept me from being fully present in the moment? So when you solve a problem, it creates value for somebody else and if that value is of a higher perceived value than somebody's money, they're going to exchange the money for the value for you solving their problem. This is a much softer version of basically the same thing, okay? And you're just there to coach them to new levels of high performance that they would never have achieved without you by themselves. One thing about this, by the way, this what questions do you have? And you said it's making you feel trapped. Now, typically, what you're going to see if you're good is if cold traffic closing rate is 20%, the setter closing ratio will be 25% to 35%, OK? In a lot of offers, before, you know, kind of either after I do the high-level promise or right before I do the high-level promise, I'll say, oh, and by the way, everything we're gonna talk about, it does take, in terms of bandwidth, about four to five hours a week to implement, okay? Or we're gonna die trying. So it kind of puts them in a little bit of a different pattern. They're going to be like, okay, this guy's just throwing a testimonial at me. So once you're closing 30% consistently, and you're at a point to where that's profitable, you're also getting pipeline deals coming in, we're going to get to a point where we have to start to begin to think about hiring some sales reps, so that ultimately, you don't have to take the calls for yourself anymore. Or you have five quick minutes to learn more. Some would be like, oh, man, I love coaching. And when you chunk it down after taxes and what their expenses are, they're basically taking home $2,000 a month and not leaving anything aside, nothing towards savings. Not only how much, you know, obviously that would make you more profitable, but at the same time, that's basically free money because that's profit that you're getting without having to spend more on ads or do more in terms of content or whatever to acquire customers, you see what I mean? Like, where do they need the most support, OK? You can just check this off the list and move on. Prospect's like, sure. And then when I was putting the Facebook ads out there, instead of just putting a budget behind it and crossing my fingers and hope it was working, somebody could actually told me, yeah, that's fine. Sure. It's your bare minimum standard, right? Most people, when they tout higher than that, they're manipulating their numbers. It maybe happened like once or twice, but have faith in your ability to do the right thing if you enroll somebody you can't help. So, like, they would come in, and in, like, five or 10 days, they'd have these, like, crazy results. You just copy and paste it every single time. And then your leadership structure, just you? Does it have the gap that we talked about? Is there, do you think there's a reframe where I feel like when they say, I don't want to put a financial burden on my partner or whatever, it's because they're still thinking about this as a cost, right? So what this means then is let's say we need 80 calls, 85 calls to do, yeah, 85 calls showing at 76% is gonna give us 65 live consults, making 41 offers at a 31% offer to close is 13 closes. Oh, man, I mean, it's kind of just been like that all my life. I feel like we have a good grasp on the situation. And then, you're 100% be able to make that time. I kind of just winged that off the cuff there a little bit so you can change that for your offer. Right, so you can ask something like that. So for the commission-based setter model to work, the model that we teach you guys, you have to have the setters focusing on new incoming lead flow. Just, just help me get a little bit more context. What I would recommend that you do, okay, is make your morning inputs, you can't see this now, but make your morning inputs more about the selling and your afternoon and evening inputs more about building wealth and more of the long-term stuff. I mean, that would be pretty cool. Now, what's the purpose slash what are we looking for? But we can really ask a true what's going to happen if nothing changes question after that. How long has he been doing it for? Well, ultimately, it's really about building this nonprofit. So with that said, let's move on and talk about understanding tension and particularly understanding internal pressure. If you can kind of combine this with a quick walk outside, I found just being outside, kind of getting a breath of fresh air always will help, but sometimes if you're running to the minute or you're five minutes late and you gotta pick up the phone and dial this next person, you're not gonna have time to go outside. And even if you don't, even if you can't do this right now, my goal for you, worst case scenario, is to create a game plan for you to work towards in the future, even if you can't do it. They just get eaten alive. So why do we start the call with pain questions? I think I call that widening the gaps. Or do you feel like that's something you're going to deal with? Once we create separation, your offer is gonna make them feel that if it's positioned correctly. I would have said, here's why I think this is the fastest route and the easiest route and what I would do if I was you. But just make sure that you're aware of where they're at in the buying pocket because what you don't want to do is just really hammer them with like questions and trying to corner them to create all this doubt and get them to admit that they can't do it and they need help when they've already kind of like told you in the very, very beginning that they're looking for coaching, they don't want to recreate the wheel and all of this stuff. It's kind of like a little ninja tactic that we have here. No, dude, that's, I'm good. What you're gonna learn here is way better than this. It's in there. Also notice how I asked that question, or how I would have asked that question. Okay, so you see how I framed it as a goal, but I actually financially qualified how much money he's making right now, right? We're gonna talk about the importance of prolific asset creation, the number one misconception about follow-up, and finally, we're gonna end on how to create intrinsic motivation for your sales team. Okay, but this is an easy segue, because it's like, if they're gonna be working with you, I mean, I'm gonna be working with two business partners. So our company, we mainly call opt-ins. And then there's taxes and you're in taxifornia, so that's about 40%. And, you know, I'm just curious, but what exactly do you feel like is keeping you from, say, being a eight, nine, or a 10? Would you need her permission, or their permission, to move forward, or is this something that's pretty much your decision to make, because it's your business, it's your problem? Part of the reason I was able to grow my business from zero to $500,000 a month in less than a year was because, through all of my sales career, I had up-leveled my thinking so much, and I had seen so many people go through different programs that I've sold, the people that were successful, the not successful, the patterns that made them successful versus not successful, and I knew the level of thinking. So you want to know, what have they tried in general to fix, let's say, their problems lead generation in your selling coaching? So if this is the first time you're getting into group funnels, OK, make sure you go through and listen to the previous training. And then like, I hate having to drive 30 minutes to go sit in an office to do a job that I can do from home, you know? So we want to bring that stuff to the surface and we never, ever, ever want to assume whether we already know the answer because we're an expert or because it was in the application, okay? I just find personally that having the setters manually do it, for now at least, and we're doing this at a pretty high level scale, is the best way to do it, okay? So ultimately we're gonna cover all of this next week. And we wanna review this and refine it daily in the morning. So the best way to really dig into finances is to parlay it with, like, a genuine concern as you go deeper, OK? I just linked it right here. Hey, it's Ali from, you know, program with Cole. That's pulling them in as well. You don't have to change it. So we're in committing phase right now. So, why use a mechanism? And then these are the ones that you're gonna want to pitch to them and make really, really compelling as you do it, which is the next step, okay? And we're gonna dive into three distinctions so you can understand certainty when it comes to tonality. And then your systems, your scaling, your fulfillment systems, that can be common, because it's not even a problem they have yet. Now, before we even get into the formulas, I just want to say that nailing the key elements is far more important than getting the formula perfect, OK? So you see, I'm chunking down guys. So the way we know that it's a condition, not an objection, that it's a resources thing is through the open wallet trick, which means we take them through the entire sales process. Okay, zero to KPI as fast as possible. I was never using a script. Honestly, both of them, in my head, I was like, oh, I'm gonna pitch 4,500, and then I got to the pitch, and I didn't pitch 4,500. So realize that, realize that once you get into here, it's going to become very free flow and you're going to have to know all of these questions and be able to use them based on what the prospect is saying. There's like Conor McGregor, he's like, I already knew I was gonna win the UFC title, right? Pretty much most of that, honestly. Can I give you some feedback? So now we're kind of taking a business problem and this tough position question is amazing to be able to link to other areas, okay? And he's like, yeah, OK, cool. So your how to get clients system needs to be a little bit different, and has to have IP to it. So I'll let you go into those now. Million different ways you can kind of frame and justify this question, but doing so is going to be more effective than, OK, well, what's your credit situation like? It's not okay, however, to not hit your projection, not hit your goal, and then not know why. Listen to it. Whatever. So like the other six beliefs that we talk about, you kind of want to check those off before you transition into your pitch. So we just painted Hell Island, the problem, why the problem's a problem, connected it to another area, then we wanna pivot and say, okay, so ultimately, I mean, you're working 80% in the business as a technician, 20% on the business. Like, everything's not working in my business, ha ha. What are your non-monetary goals? You're gonna get to a point where you feel maxed out on that offer, okay? I think you could dig into that. No. So out of those two zero, where they actually be one of the track. You wanna do it every morning. So the doubt is already there. And that increases your conviction, which increases your certainty. I mean, you're not going to ask all of these, but these are the questions you start off with. Okay, and you can tell I when I asked that, and I got that response, I was like, I was redundant. And then once you get the concepts, the frameworks, we'll get into more of the nitty gritty now. So if you guys have offers, you can basically, or your solution helps people with offers, you can basically roll through this question sequence and you'll have tons of success with that. When you wake up in the morning and you say you're gonna follow your diet plan, you're not gonna go off, you're not gonna eat any sugar, you do it. Like, I still want you to really feel aligned and good about this before we go any further. How has it impacted your business specifically? All right, exactly. OK? So let's dig into that for a second. What would he think if he didn't know you're on this call? She doesn't really know what's going on, but what she does care about is me working freaking 15 hours a day. And that's even more pain you can dig into, and even more cost down the road. And in this video, we're going to talk about sales first principles, OK? So, a few examples. Now, these people are like, kind of usually have other issues as well about why, you know, sometimes they have other issues as well. Okay, right? Now B2B offers, you'll never have to worry about willingness. It's just time, right? I know I've got my sales process, but I don't think it's repeatable cause it's never been the same as anybody else. So, what we would say is, gotcha, I mean, you know, 2K a month, that makes sense. And this is an excellent follow-up opportunity that just kind of happens naturally, all right? I was reading the right books. Cause like you're very, I like to kind of just triage people over chat, but that might not be the best way. Or it'd be like, oh, yeah, totally. And even though it seems like it's like, you know, it's giving you butterflies and it's making you nervous and you're scared. Now, the final thing I want to talk about here is belief in your prospect. And then when you're loosely following problems-first or goals-first syntax and you're combining that with the note-taking training, this is going to allow you a lot of ammo to just kind of free flow through your calls and be able to pull these out and just have amazing calls. Like, like, like the managers going into an office, the people I work with, pretty much everything that's not like my school, like task at hand. And we got to create a two V one and then coach them on how to approach their spouse. So in cases like that, we need to know if they're willing to allocate those resources to fix the pain. She said, if I don't figure out in six months, I got to quit and go to get a nine to five. It's like a socially, like when you ever make it, like when you go on a diet, man, and I've even noticed it's just myself. We only have 10 on each call, and because we keep the group small, you'll definitely be able to get support if that's the avenue you choose to get support from. And I tell you what, 90% of the time, I use the syntax I'm going to give you. So to better understand how we're actually using this on a sales call, because I totally understand up until this point, you might be like, okay, this is making sense but like, what do I say on the phone, okay? So what Cole does is he says, Hey, let's just look at this together outside of you and which one of those do you choose? But after all that time, staying where you're at, and that nine to five, those past three years, was there something that shifted for you? Just to kind of review, we covered sales first principles, which is about the philosophy of how people buy, why people buy, and ultimately what they buy. So we wanna plan our inputs, and then we also wanna plan our outputs, our closes, our deposits, our revenues. So list your steps below, and for now, just narrow down the three to four steps. So I'm giving you like all the tools and the tool belt here. And then it kind of gives us good opportunities to parlay into these questions, OK, which are the most personal ones that we're going to ask. So I kind of just ignored it. Then we want to have a full understanding of the severity of the problem, okay? So it is, this is key to see kind of like where, you know, I've had people done this to people and they're at their kid's baseball game. I'm not saying it's a manly thing in terms of like it's for men and not women, it's just energies here. I'm just curious, but what would you change about that service if you could? Also, one thing to consider is if your industry standard is a two-call close, you probably should, like if their standard sales process is a two-call close for all their prospects, a lot of times, it's good to make yours a two-call close. I could have said, that being said, the real question is, who do you want to be, okay? Just how's it going? So how and when to use doubt questions. So obviously, it implies internal scarcity and cost. Well, how long do you think it's going to take you to get there then? Introduction and onboarding. Well, last time, we talked about the fact that your lead generation's inconsistent, you've been relying on word of mouth referrals for the past three years, and you've really gotten to a point where just because of the ups and downs and the rollercoasters and the seasonality, you're kind of tired of that, ready to get out of Zillow, build things in-house, and ultimately have a predictable system that you control, right? We're gonna do that so that you don't have to take the calls every day, all day anymore, right? What I probably would have done is I do think it's the right thing to re-go for it here, except I would have acknowledged, I know, I know, you know, earlier when you, when I asked you what shifted for you, you said this, this, and this, but like, for real, like what's really driving you? They're very clear about what's at stake. So key elements are here, specific outcome and specific time. It was about 15k. We hit all of these. Right, but at the same time, Clay Thompson, Steph Curry, some of the best basketball players in the world, you know what they do when they keep, or when they're in a shooting slump and they can't make anything? Anyways, beat that to hell. I believe they are. I said, makes sense, cool, right? If they don't ask, you just say, hey, or you don't say hey, but it's like, does that sound good? So that's how we kind of build the value for the call. So, you wanna kinda like, in terms of those four pillars, okay, in terms of the process specifically, okay, we're narrowing it down, exactly, specifically, precisely, how do you feel, okay? So I'll have these out of the way and then I'll use these need payoff questions that transition into vision. But do it in a way where you're not gonna share any of the results with the prospect, okay? So see now, this week, and this is like an impractical number, kind of like this would be maybe if you were doing it for your entire sales team, but 10 just makes it easy for math. But I think it's probably because I didn't frame it. And welcome back to the training. And that leads into so many great cost questions, which we'll cover in a next training or two, and also paying questions. So for instance, one is like a phone number from a VSL or an opt-in. It's kind of just more of an emphasis. We need to establish kind of data points, because that helps us create duality and really see and help give the prospect clarity of where they are now versus where they want to be, right? So what happens is not only do you struggle to build compelling marketing, but the economics of the business become unscalable because you're not charging enough. So we're getting closer to really chunking all of this down into the sales process to where we'll get closer and closer to like exactly what to say and the syntaxes and the scripting and all of that, but it's important that we start with a strong philosophy and a strong base. That's not invasive. So what do we do here? Keep shooting. And then I, again, I said, okay, so that aside, you're a hundred percent in. If their goal's too low, you got to stretch it, OK? Don't ask me why that is, but that is proven, tested. Oh, OK, well, how many? I didn't do any of the identity slash vision stuff that I usually do, which also included reviewing my reasons, and I didn't listen to any of the right inputs. I got some thoughts. Unless it's medical equipment or something like that. So I'm framing and anchoring in the quick win. Getting to outcome, whatever they want it to. It's pretty low because my wife is going to school right now. They can start taking calls right now in the business. If you need clarification for this, let me know because we can coach on it, but I'm telling you this is like, this is one of the biggest breakthroughs I've ever had, and it might seem a little bit esoteric, might seem a little bit like philosophical, but it is, it's a game changer, guys. Not always going to work out like that, just being candid. Guys, Cole here. Now, the problem can also be thought of as the gap between the current and desired situation, okay? What would you have changed about that program if you could? I could have kind of left it off with a good either or question. I used to sell a product and service where we taught people how to go high-ticket. No, that's good. That's why I'm on the phone with you basically. So if we have a bad call, whether we didn't show up in the right way, or the prospect just has this really negative, nasty victim mindset, after every single one of those, we want a process where we can kind of take a mental shower, rinse all of that energy off, and then come into the next call as our best selves and just execute the process as good as we can. That just makes the process so much easier and so much easier to teach to your team, OK? But pumped up certainty is like, think about this hype-y salesperson, or you know, a bunch of people jumping up and down at Tony Robbins, UPW, and they're like all pumped, and they're like absolutely certain, right? So, if I can get them to reset their standards and start winning with the things that they can control, they build back momentum, they start feeling better about themselves, they start trusting themselves more, and the next thing you know, the certainty in which they communicate over the phone is so much better, okay? Like if you went to your parents right now and you told them there's an investment opportunity where they can put some of their money and it's going to gain whatever X percent, would they feel like, would they get mad at you and say, why are you putting this burden on me? It's just nobody wants to say, oh, no, I'm just closed-minded. It's technically a doubt question in my opinion, but you know, as you'll see, as we get into part two, we start to ask doubt questions. That's not the best example, but you guys get what I'm saying. So the pillars by themselves mean nothing. I know probably everybody watching this video has felt that way about somebody in their lives, okay? What's funny is they or their marketing does this. And I'm all about helping people. And he said the same thing. 10? So it's like you just doing that in reverse engineering it back down to the numbers is going to give them one clarity and certainty that with the right solution, if they figured that out, then they'll be able to get there, which is huge. So how we're actually going to do that, it's broken down into four things. And they might reel off 10 coaching programs. So what we're going to cover is first who you're working with, why you should listen to me. And I'm telling you, when you can really enjoy this process of a sales call and look forward to it and just be totally in the moment of it and not care about the outcome, that's how you get into this state of flow where you are just an assassin, okay? But we also want to tie that to an emotion or another area of their life, maybe their relationships or their time freedom or, you know, things at home with their family, their weight, their health. So earlier, and I'm just gonna go through these questions. All right, David, let me have it. Because an innocent question like, does your program include group coaching calls? But except, and instead of using the prospects language and like kind of teeing up the deliverable using the prospects language, you're gonna sort of tee up the deliverable using the current state of the market, the mistakes that they're making, the problems with those mistakes, and the consequences of not fixing it. I went through the entire process, built out a pitch, and took probably the first 20, 30 calls with that pitch. Oh, a little bit like? And then once I had that, like, I'd be ready to go. Whatever it is, list out all of the support and deliverables, and then narrow down the most important two to three. And then I always also add in like a personal type funny thing to break the ice. It's actually a free training that you can check out. We can always follow up with, is there any other reason this would be important? The bridge, and the promise and the bridge was this video. I mean, the kids are four and two, so I don't want to, it's kind of at that time where I've got to dial it in now. So for instance, a financial goal, like, you know, maybe they want to make $30,000 a month, and they start to talk about, oh, you know, it would do this for the business. I talk about once you master this, you're gonna have the financial confidence to be able to basically make money in any market, any economy, because you can go into a new, thriving, booming industry and be able to create value by solving the problem of sales for these companies, right? But if you've been doing that all your life, why not just stay where you are, though? But it solves a future problem. The difference of why my results are usually tremendously better than everybody else's is the canality, tatents, the energy, all of that stuff. So basically, I mean, there was nothing crazy here, guys. They're gonna say, oh, out of five, probably only two. I would just ask something like, if you got to five grand a month, I mean, would you just stop there, or what's next? I put some pro tips here. Now it's like, I need to ramp it up even more. The market has a downturn or whatever happens, and you missed your projection by one, okay? Makes sense, no questions. What it'll do, it'll call that prospect, I'm going to hang up real quick. So we're going to take the general information applied to your specific situation off of role play and cement it in, OK? He's going to say, yeah, man, it's working great. So now let's talk about becoming the only option to heaven island, so once you elicit heaven and hell island, which is, again, current desired situation, the prospect is gonna wanna take action in resolving that tension, now, just because the prospect wants to take the action doesn't mean he or she's gonna take it with you, it's really, really frustrating, I've had calls where I've done so much of the heavy lifting and really getting this person into the buying pocket, I got them 99% of the way there, but then we had to book a follow-up call, I couldn't get them across the line, and then in between that time and our follow-up call, they booked an entirely new call with a competitor and went with them, because I was the one who built the pain, the urgency, the doubt, the cost, all of that stuff, and then they wanted to weigh their options and they went with somebody else, right? Super simple, don't overcomplicate it. So another good one is a process question, right? And you know, it's time, right? And let me know if you have questions, guys, we'll talk soon. I would do that when you're organic because like There is opportunity If you for most markets, right if you're running a jujitsu school and it shut down then No, but for most of us here There is opportunity in this like for instance with me It's a really good time to ramp up a traffic and build and scale out your sales floor because applications are so cheap So you're not wasting as much money and be able to do that and the competition is a little bit easier but and especially if you can figure out how to buy or sell in this environment, it's like Gonna be so much easier moving forward. Cause I feel like I have enough. Like everybody thinks I don't like fast action discounts, that I think it's a bad thing. That's what I was talking about up here. So you'll see what I mean. And then we're also finally going to touch on how to get in the flow state. And you'll see a lot of examples of these. We're gonna talk about the salesperson SOP overview, 30-day ramp-up in depth, beginning of day process part one, part two, part three, especially part two is gonna be the meat and potatoes of this. And it's just such a, everybody's asking what motivated you to take the time to do the call today? So when it comes to achieving a dating life that actually has abundance to where you can have consistent dates with girls you want and choose a girlfriend from abundance, if you're not willing to invest to get the skills and the pieces of the puzzle that you're missing right now, I mean, how are you going to get there then? So there has to be, of course, that emotional buy-in that we hear all the time in sales, but also a logical buy-in as well. So ultimately, we can get you to the point where you have consistent lead volume and multiple agents under you. Okay, so you notice what I did there is I didn't start to tell about Ryan's results. You can also just listen back to this call. But at the same time, it's gonna depend on the offer you're selling. When do we use? So we wanna paint that picture as clear as we can on the other side to really help them understand exactly what's gonna happen next. And he's at a point where he's sacrificing his personal life and having to ask himself, do I want to make another seven K or do I want to make, you know, have dinner with my family? We'll give you a process and a script for that and all those things. So, if you get an uncertain answer, like, oh, it kind of sounds good, right? Basically, what's going to happen here is that they'll give you the objection. We make the same amount of money. So in 7 FSA 1.0, the biggest thing, and in the content, I knew it was gonna be a problem, so all the time I was like, don't overcomplicate it, don't overcomplicate it. Yeah, it's like- Okay, yeah, I mean, so you're making, you don't want to like, you want to stay in what's called nurturing parent voice, not judgmental parent, right? And then I sort of tie that into a slump so I can break it out of, I can break you out of it within a day, opposed to you having to wait four to seven weeks to the next sales clinic. And let's dive into that in a second, but just for some context. Now, like there's a normal person communicating freely with free flow of expression is going to use a combination of these, okay? So, you know, when you say that, like, what does that look like? Sam, you think this is better? But for instance, for this lead generation thing we keep harping on, do you have a predictable process in which you can like call on and pull the lever and get new clients coming in at will? I mean, yeah, it was someone with some experience, but long story short, it wasn't someone who was a fit. Same thing with what you wanna do here. Like a hundred percent, you feel like this is what you want to do? Rather, if you're a new sales rep, this is a must go through. So again, let me be very clear. What do you think your spouse is gonna think of this? Oh, what we're doing now has to work. It's not, it's not optimal, but we're making it work. Let's kinda go deeper into that. That's going to get you to like 500 K a month tomorrow. We use HubSpot, so we're really big on the integration there is important. Yeah, you just have apprehension because you have a negative association to making decisions that didn't work out for you in the past and you're attaching it to this decision. So step two, list all the steps. Now, let's get into formula number three. I think it just, they're gonna forget their questions, they become overloaded, they don't process it anymore, and their brain shuts down, they're done, OK? And this is, you know, personally, I probably would have done this on iPad, iPencil if it was me. And it's a lot smarter to leverage somebody who's been there and done that and has a proven system to do it. Do you feel like you have a, so like, let me just ask you this question as well. Doubt questions typically are going to come fairly early in the syntax, okay? But the one more often than not you can use, even if you have to go into this, is this one here, okay? But, more than likely, a lot of times, they're going to be like, oh, you know, everything sounds really good, it's just this one thing, right, and you just got to handle the one thing. Anything else on that, or you want to move on? So that's step number one. Any type of, like, local sales gig, it's hard to find, like, a high-income sales gig, like, locally, you know? And you can use those as your tools to be able to take what the prospect says and, using Socratic dialogue and these skill questions, go deeper. For me, it's typically always gonna be recruiting, getting off the phones, recruiting, right? That's gonna show up in your business in more ways than you know. It's so much fun. So if we're selling a sales rep on becoming a top one sales rep in the industry, getting to the point to where they're making $30,000, $40,000 a month commission, really being the best and modeling the success I had as a full-time sales rep, I'm typically gonna pitch these four pillars. I got some ideas, regardless if you come in or not, it's gonna help you, right? You wanna go through those once a week and just remind yourself of your wins. Somebody who's excited about the program, they might think, they answer with excitement. Almost should be automatic. Don't be a pansy here and anybody who's not a laydown, you're afraid to take the close, you make them do a second call but sometimes, you just know. And we want to get the non-monetary goal. So what's funny is, both of these are, I was great at sales when I recorded both of these, but what I wasn't as experienced in was creating video content on this first one, and I was a little bit more thoughtful and critical about what I was putting out, and you can see it in my vibe, like I'm kinda trying to play it safe, okay? Now, the way I gut check this is it's like, in my gut, am I 80% sure that finances aren't going to be an issue, OK? So just some tips on how to determine what your number is, one to 10, is physiology-wise, ask yourself, are you getting enough sleep and waking up on time? Well, you only got to land two clients a month. And this is stuff now, like if I do a Facebook Live, if I pitch a prospect, if I write copy, like I'm always doing this type of stuff. And despite what my mentor was telling me at the time, I just really, really believed that that was what I needed to study. And everybody asks that. Also, we can catch it sooner if we're constantly missing our weekly projections. Now, don't, try to get stuff that's a little bit more current because a lot of the old school type of selling doesn't work anymore, so this is obviously a great thing to listen to over and over and over again. Now, how do we actually build the beliefs? That's not, I'm not going to go through all this. But if you have any doubt, always ask, is there any other reason that this is important to you, and you don't want to stay where you're at? Then we're gonna free journal on the day. So get out of your head and trust yourself that you'll do the right thing spontaneously in the moment. Is it dinner or is it another seven grand? Sometimes, like, you know, I'm like, do you feel good? And it's like dude totally understand. Like this is why it's powerful, is that when you kind of add that tiny little buffer at the end, a lot of times they'll just keep going and they'll go deeper, and it also like reassures that like you've actually heard them and that they're done. It's like there's uncertainty that just bleeds out of that statement, right? So yeah, you can self-diagnose that's how I add to that too real quick. Gotcha, okay, and what are you selling that for? That means, oh, I hear that, we're getting a deposit. So I'll give you guys a copy of this. You know, considering you've been doing paycheck to paycheck for the past three years, does that put you in a tough position with your family and how else has that impacted you? You get paid on commissions for that week. The explanation itself will be the unique mechanism just because of the way you did it, OK? And I should have probably said this the very first, uh, right. And then a lot of times, 9 times out of 10, you do this right, you'll get everything you need through just these two questions. You guys are getting what you're seeing on the calls I know show rates are probably a little bit of if But I just got off a call with I don't know if you guys know Perry Marshall, but um, he's like an old-school like Like the Dan Kennedy type of guys been doing it for a long time like back into the 90s Or even before that direct response and was one of the first guys online So been through like multiple multiple multiple recessions and one of the things he said that I'll share with you guys Is it like right now? So that's a question I teach you guys in the training. And that's what goals first syntax is. And this is what I am going to do come January, is one, you should have a solo page with all your case studies on it, like one page with all the Facebook screenshots, all of the video testimonials, maybe a little kind of debriefer information about your program, a video from you about what the purpose of the page is, you know, all almost the big programs out there that are doing coaching consulting, they have a page like this, okay? So, now I'm in solution questions. But that being said, guys, that's it for this video. I'll probably say this in a different video, but for real, don't sit in front of the computer and just bet on yourself just sitting in front of this and going through the training at 1x speed. Now, um, we also hold the price frame by simultaneously holding the expert frame. So basically, this part here, the information gathering phase, and this is gonna make more sense as you get into this sales process overview, but the information gathering phase, there's two ways you can essentially execute that, okay? Listen to it when you're in the shower. So they just tell you. Because obviously, even if it's just time, Oh, it's just a matter of time. Again, I basically, you know, asides from just substituting a few things here, I said the same, I mean, I just said this word for word, right? This is a big issue people have here, so we're going to talk about that. And really, we don't need to create all these crazy unique mechanisms in the pitch. So, there's kind of two parts to this. But to be candid, guys, these KPIs vary so much by market, by offer, if you're B to B, if you're B to C, and also like if you're outbound dialing with the group funnel, these metrics are gonna go way lower, whereas VSL's gonna be higher. Now, this will be very similar to number two, okay? Hey, Jared again. Especially when staying where they're at in the current situation, the cost of doing that is much, much more than just purchasing what you have and taking the route and time, effort, money, energy, all that stuff to go through your solution. Um, but man, like what I've really found to work best on these calls is just first kind of diving into the specifics of what you're doing right now with your career. Is it pretty like broad or like you have like a specific offer, like who you help, what you help them with and how you do it? What questions do you have on that, okay? But every single day, and this is gonna be, guys, like, you're gonna look at this, and you're gonna be like, dude, I can't. So I want to commend you for that. So specifically we'll go into mental models and what mental models are, just a quick primer on those and why I believe the belief ladder is one of the most effective mental models out there for sales. Not like about it? So we're gonna go into some B2B ones and also B2C. So, and we talked about some of that in like the inner game of sales and so on and so forth. One last thing, guys. And when you ask that, it's going to demonstrate to the prospect that you're listening, okay? So, we have a solution. You feel like the process is exactly what you need, don't got any questions, so what's next? All right, guys. So like, you know, and that comes up at the end of the call and you're screwed. The IOI didn't pay myself last month. So next is salesmen are born not made, right? I really kind of distill it down into three big objection categories. So we want them to qualify their own answer here because more importantly, you know, it's not about them telling us, it's about them telling themselves why they have to change, why they can't figure it out on their own, et cetera, right? But now, you're going to learn all of the questions I've ever learned throughout my career that I found useful, at least. So especially this one I'm gonna demonstrate in this example below, but you're also gonna get a good kind of distinction of number one as well. So the right way. What does he look like? But this is gonna be a really powerful week to where after you get through everything in full, come back to this week again and go through it again because then it's all gonna make sense. Cause I didn't really have everything I needed until now. So the very first thing we have to do is get complete control on your intake. In the transition, your area of expertise is just a different version of your high-level promise. Like, one word, next question. And so, yeah, a few things on segmentation is you're gonna wanna make sure, like if you're running a VSL funnel, if they book a call, you need to have them tagged as booked a call, so that when you make the segment, they can say opt-in but didn't book, right? Social proof is one of the critical and the main shortcuts our brain uses to make decisions, okay, so we already talked about the three mechanisms of social conditioning and the three filters of idea receptiveness, they're really the same things. Just really brief. Welcome back to the training. So like, and now I know what I'm doing here. I think more so than men trying to like relax into their feminine sometimes on the calls, it's a little bit tougher. If we hit 13, that's like our stretch goal, we're cool, but we sure as hell better hit our freaking 10, okay? You just, and that's always like, that's a good use of Socratic dialogue in the sense that you're literally like you just by asking a question right there or basically restating what they said in the question you demonstrated you were listening and now you're going deeper on what they already told you. Another thing, cadence-wise, is tonality. You know, we assigned some specific numbers here. We're kind of tired of like getting booted off and whatever. Yada, yada, yada? And that's why I teach it to you first. A lot of you guys would know who these companies are. So that's why we actually ask these questions is it, what it really is, it's a listening values and this will shift their state, which is really important too. This would probably be the best way to do it. They say, oh, you know, two, got it. And then so you tie that down. I was a bit better for family time. Oh, I had a few side projects. OK, and then so you pay yourself out of the $29,000, you pay yourself about $4,000 a month. So reps, the right information, the right mentorship, that's what gets you good at sales, okay? And how do you deal with the competition now? Awesome, man, what'd you think about it? This is a lot of money to just give somebody over the internet. We're gonna build this out together. So excuse me on that. And he's like, yeah, right? And what I mean by control is like, I would get on, I would go into the weeks when I was really in pocket too, I would go into weeks saying I'm gonna hit six and I'd hit six. I very exaggerated kind of the point here so you could get what I was going for. And then, you know, if you talk with her, everything's still good and you still feel really good, then we can go ahead and talk about what it's like to get started. Um, and then like, we really didn't chunk down on the, uh, income as much. So I probably haven't, I haven't said this in months. Here's why this is a problem, here's kind of more of why this problem's a problem, and more of why this problem's a problem, and then the ultimate consequence, which is like actually true. So you're, you've got to be working like 80 hours a week. So let's say I have like, you know, I'm a coach who teaches coaches how to be coaches, and I, you know, I have a lot of people in the real estate space that are crushing it, I have some business coaches that are crushing it, and then, you know, when it comes to like dating and kind of lifestyle offers, we're not as prevalent. He's trying to break the sales process and trying to get off the call, all of this stuff. I just widen the gap. Because there's so much more out there for you if you just let yourself be open to it, right? And then what we want to do is that actually sets us up for our solution questions. I will see you in the next training as we get more specific into the pitch codex. And it's a little bit over, like even with the dialogue and asking for feedback and thoughts, sometimes I do get caught up with myself and I'm like, I go a little bit too fast. She just wants to be like accepted. There's so, you know, it just depends on context, man. So, aside from making sure, you know, and you want to laugh as you're saying this, so just experiment with that. But in my experience, it's going to work best after we've gotten to pain, doubt, cost. So, this is a key, I totally digressed here, guys, but this is key, okay? We, we solve one constraint, we get to the next one, the next one, the next one, it's like offer acquisition, fulfillment, streamlined. And, you know, if I was selling this person or that person, I would want to re-elicit that situation. That's not really working. So just as a refresher, we're in the pitching phase of the call, OK, right here. As you get from 250 to $500 plus, you're gonna have a little bit of a longer timeframe because hopefully they're gonna go through it, okay? And so I'll give you a specific example there. Gross. So these questions are kind of, I mean, they serve two purposes. When Kobe is really in the zone, they are in like total resolve. Again, business owners, we have more in-depth stuff on this on our other course. This is super short, but this is after the delivery. Great, and then of course, if you wanna know what it's like to work deeper with us, he can kinda tell you about that too, on where you wanna go from there, but anyways, I have my calendar open now, Wynn works either like Monday or Tuesday next week to book a call to speak with him, okay? That's the first benefit. This was before I even sold for TF is got, so you want to isolate it always. I'm going to hop off here. No. What's your thoughts? And they described that to them and all that stuff. Okay, so much better of a way to handle that. I've been stuck yo-yoing or I've been stuck with my weight or maybe it's yo-yoing with my weight for forever now. So you see how I'm doing that, guys? I absolutely have to change. And then on top of that, you know, he says, Oh, scaling up the sales team. Now, if you're really good at the information gathering phase, the transition, and the pitching phase, most times, you don't even have to go into any of this, okay, but sometimes you do. And these are his values. That's where you guys need to be as well, all right? Do you like, we pay once we get placed. There's SOPs related to generating appointments, I call these off-the-call SOPs, and there's SOPs related toward conducting appointments, and I call these on-the-call SOPs, okay? And when you have conviction, you can give your prospect certainty. So first of all, a rut is really, to me, anything less than you performing at about 85 to 90% of your capacity, okay? She was saying it a few times, so I just let it go. It's just like, dude, to be honest, like it freaks me out. But if you would have went right for the revenue goals with just the agency, you never would have gotten there. But the problem is, is while that may make you feel good, it's not gonna produce results. So the compliance towards that question is extremely high. So a lot of opportunities to get help on kind of like the ins and outs and the technicalities and workflow of Alaware and the outbound stuff and all that. So like for offer acquisition, like a biz op offer, I'll be like, what would I usually say? I think that's going to require a little bit more infrastructure and maybe some more work on a backend offer for sure. Probably not, right? It wasn't scripted, it wasn't prepared. His business, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Moving on, let's talk about desire. Cool, what questions do you have on that specifically? And the other issue with this as well is think about it from your setter's perspective. And they say, yeah, sure. Like, it's genuine, okay? Okay, so this is where that was probably all I needed, guys, for goals for syntax. Because typically, by 80% of the time, the person who goes last is going to win the business, especially if it's, in my experience, because the other competitors they were talking to also had really good sales teams. It's like, I could see those things working for other people, like maybe a solo entrepreneur or like how to sell. But what I was saying, just to digress, when you get that good at one call close, the only way to really achieve a whole new level in performance, whole new level in commissions, is to master follow up and pipeline. So that's it for this training, guys. Well, how's that service going for you right now? OK, that's the response you want after you get done is they're like, yep, that makes perfect sense, OK? If you're getting difficult in the finances, I use it in those areas all the time. Now, I have a full document. We want to get the long-term vision. And then you transition out of that, and you basically say, okay, and I got some feedback for you, but before we get into that, anything else we haven't covered about your business, your goals, I mean, even your personal life, anything else that we haven't covered that you feel like I need to know? He can't. So to build out all of this stuff and get everything that you need, it's gonna take 90 days. But oftentimes these are, these types of ones are the ones you're going to use after you get clear on the pain. Now, typically the best way to do this is, and there's no exact science here, but multiply your projection by 30 to 50%. Just a clear problem and we'll get into like examples of these in just a second. And you're gonna have months where you miss, and stuff happens. And your goal, did you tell me what your goal is in terms of revenues? So that's going to give you, and this is great if somebody gives you that apathetic response. So the main outcomes for this one is get the prospect clear on the end result, that's in the promise, give them the simplest bridge that explains how they get from point A to point B, and explain how it's delivered, and we should really, this pitch, I always say the pitch should be the simultaneous explanation of why everything they tried in the past has failed, and why this is going to be different, okay? But it just doesn't work. But with money, I usually, you know, barring like there's a lot that like there's some big, big red flags that I need to dig into. So they just someone who has a lot of experience and might have felt really confident before it's an even better opportunity for you to sell even higher quality clients like people who have a better resume or They're going, you know, yeah before this I was pretty confident, but now I just know that there's fewer opportunities So so you just what you do is you make it very easy to swallow by saying hey we were dealing with this before The environment that you compete in how do you deal with that? We're going to cover what those seven beliefs are, how to use Socratic dialogue to build them during the call, and the different syntaxes, which are kind of like loose versions of scripts that we can use depending on what we sell. So usually five out of every 20 answers is gonna be qualified. So to further understand this, let us look at my kindergarten level drawing below here. I don't think it's like a profound concept or anything, but it's just a very nuanced little difference you can make in your calls that makes a huge difference in terms of trust. Prospect's like, yeah, yeah, definitely. So a great example of this is our SDA offer, our Sales Team Accelerator, where we help entrepreneurs recruit, hire, train, and manage top 1% sales talent and skilled sales teams. I would say like, call it 10 total. Well, why, though? We're going to go over the KPIs for the group funnel. Yeah man, that sounds great. So one thing you just gotta be careful of, and I'll speak very broadly to this cause it applies to most everyone. Let me pull up something here. So only interrupt when necessary, but interrupting is not always bad, and a lot of times it is necessary to be completely candid. So therefore, we must get clear on the problem as soon as possible because if there's no problem, there's no sale. You don't want to make this seem like a dumb question, right, like a duh, but how is it impacting other areas of the business? A lot of closers out there and sales gurus tout about doing, I've seen a million dollars a month, but I've also seen behind these companies of these salespeople who are claiming a million dollars a month, and they're maybe selling 30K programs and then collecting 2,500 up front with a 30-day opt-out after the 2,500 on a 12-pay, okay? And are you willing to settle for that? If it's also a lead generation problem and I link it to the fact that, you know, his wife wants to kill him because she's so tired of being on paycheck to paycheck for the past three years, she told him, you know, if you don't get this figured out in six months, you got to go get a job. So let's take an example of an entrepreneur on the business rollercoaster. Like what about getting out of what you're doing and doing your own thing is ultimately, I mean, so important? Now, I know that seems pretty simple, but if you do those two things, you'll get follow-ups by necessity. So you can kind of see how I do that in the pre-pitch here if you want to go through that. So I'm always kind of giving them, look, it doesn't matter if you do this now or later on. I'm making 20 grand a month, great, but they have a business partner, their expenses are five grand a month, they're not accounting for tax-a-fornia because they live in California like me, and when it's all said and done, they're netting three, you know, and if anybody, if you guys have trained with me for a while, what happens when you chunk it down to where they thought they were at like 20 and they're really at two? So we have these phone numbers coming in all day. It hits those three qualities. In week two, actually not week three, you should be able to see kind of the discovery phase for the self-process in full. Now, obviously, if you've drilled hard enough, the script should be natural. Right, and it's like, you know, it's a little intense. I ask a question like that and the guy will say, oh yeah, man, he's, she's the one who saw you guys as Facebook ad and she said, you need to get on this call and do something or like shut your business down. And then as you go deeper, you find out, just to go with the other example, you know, he wants to send the kids to private school, take a month off of each year, and also be able to retire his wife, right? Now is the right time, right? So just a heads up. It doesn't matter, you want them to tell you what they weigh now and also what they want to weigh, because both of those numbers have emotional baggage to them, and when they say those things out loud, that emotional baggage comes to the surface, and those emotions not only create the gap and build tension, but those emotions are the emotions of action and buying. And I was like, I'm gonna close them here with payment plans, which by the way, to be honest, that will work sometimes. I found two rules of thumb to be very, very helpful here. That's better than being, like I said, an apathetic Eeyore and like not being pumped at all. So I'm trying to make sure I don't like, he's totally certain that this is the right thing now is the right time before we handle either one of these. Then finally, once we do that, we drop the investment, extremely simple. So before I actually move on to this one, what people usually try to do is call out of Close.com or call right out of HubSpot. Sets is gonna be 4%, which is four out of every five qualified answers. It works well. Either A, they admit they don't know how or B, they want to leverage a proven system from somebody who's done it so they can get there faster without wasting as much resources, okay? I just want as many as I can get. It's kind of hard to role play with yourself, but that wasn't a great seed, but you just see the person, right? But if you have a B2B offer, obviously, there's, like, the monetary and the drivers for the monetary, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so we have those coming in all the time. And really, pain, doubt, cost, obviously, finances and resources, because a lot of times that's associated with the pain, and also solution. I'm ready. I know it's something I can help with. Something very simple, just a permission question, all right? Some people are going to be like, man, you know what? And the reason I'm asking is, I don't wanna just help you build a business that's lucrative, that's profitable, that's building you wealth, but also one that's not making you miserable, or despite all the money, it's making you question why you got into the business in the first place. Do you see how I'm removing a lot of the sales pressure through trust-based language? How does that compare to his personal expenses? Or what does he think? Like that would have been the best, but I skipped it. Like, this links to certainty, this links to certainty, because they're going to get more deals coming in. One, two, three, four. Okay, but sometimes they're like, no, man, I don't have any questions. And I want to pass it on to you. And then the obvious next question. But whose decision is that, ultimately? It also needs to justify why the past attempts they've had didn't work. Hello. Ask David for mission before you pitch him or before you go into the pitch. Not only so you can start making money as fast as possible, but at the same time, so the owner knows, he's got a gem, he's got a really good closer, and he's gonna wanna keep you and keep beating your leads. When works, what's your Monday or Tuesday look like? All right, first thing is I list out all the consults. Technically, for this example, they're not able. That's so true. Alright guys, welcome back to the training, this is Cole Gordon here and today we're going to talk about the inner game of sales and more specifically how to develop the mindset of an elite level closer. Now this is very different from external pressure. So this in itself should be no more than three minutes. So you see how I kind of just seeded right there that that basically is a 10 out of 10, okay? I gave you some examples here. Like, it's just in my brain. But I always say something like this. This is a pretty easy and straightforward training. That makes sense. And maybe he didn't make that up, but that's where I got it from. Then you go into how much revenue they made each month, October, September. And the things my clients come to me with, it's all creative work. So, some of the best sales training can actually be personal development. It's built the right way, all of that stuff. Do you invest in yourself? And it's key, and it's so, so powerful. And how you're operating in your business isn't making you as happy as at the level that you know you truly could be, you know? Okay, no, this would be the final one, sorry guys. Maybe they say organic, oh, just organic, a little bit of referral, I was working my sphere of influence, gotcha. Oh, that's gross. How many people are you gonna reach out to that you haven't spoken with in two or more weeks? It's like, all right, dude. But also, you can use this as an external resource, an external sales training resource, in addition to your own internal sales training, or at least until you build your own internal sales training, okay? We'll go through it later in the training. It's not the person you're speaking with. So what are we looking for here? So it feels amazing. And it's like, man, like, you know, like it just comes out, right? It's really your call. I just gave you one reason but the other reason is that the sole focus of any business is solving problems, okay? Now, this one especially, don't get like super carried away here and make it its own 10 minute thing. So at this stage, what's probably gonna be the most appropriate next step from here is let me take all of this back to the team, talk about your situation, and then we go on, same thing. A lot of this is what's also worked in my personal experience, but some of this is his stuff and he is really, really, really good at the best I've ever seen in energy management and regulation. It's just a great way to elicit doubt. Permission. So if you have cases like that, you're rarely going to make the sale, and it's not just for ROI offers. But don't worry about it too much right now. We went through temp check. It's like if I was saying, you know what I mean? I can't tell you how many times I've told people this, and then they don't do it, they try to have the setters mine the database, nothing works. I know I can figure this stuff out and I pretty much have, and that's why I've gotten to where I am now. And a lot of them I've trained, or at least had a hand in training, OK? What do you need to get? One was like a gym, one was a chiropractor and I've been helping both and so. So you might as well be the latter and be a leader And with the investment banking job market like unless like there's a real You know industry specific thing that I'm not understanding like I don't think it's gonna go anywhere Right, like it's still gonna be around So this is one of those things where if it makes it harder people are dropping recruits to dropping interns do like now Everything that you might have learned during school that what you thought was gonna work out for you to be able to land the job But you really want That might not be able to not that's not gonna be enough to secure that job So now is a time more than ever you need to like hedge everything in your favor Because the last thing you want because of this thing that's going on right now is to go You know all those years in school $100,000 in debt with your parents and then not end up with the position that you got into that got into that or first place Yeah, that's kind of the angle that So, you know, I've been talking about it with my Salespeople to like just how to handle these types of objections and I think that's that's the direction that we're going into which is just like Leaning into it and saying yeah, it's gonna get harder. So in other words, they don't know what they don't know in terms of figuring out their lead gen because they'd never done it, right? Cole Gordon here, and week five, guys, is gonna be all about objections, closing, follow-ups, all of the good and juicy stuff, okay? You just wanna go deeper and seek understanding before you're understood. Man, like how do you do? Because they haven't tried anything in the past until now they're all of a sudden looking into something. Now, for ROI offers, this is a great way to do this. Pretty slow. You can, and you know, I'm not gonna go into the whole real play right now, but I'm gonna pry all that out. And you're always gonna get a lower number than they want. So half of those were the perfect prospects. He doesn't want group coaching or she doesn't want group coaching. And it took me a long time to figure this out. Which is like a visual metaphoric language. Yeah, that's fair. It's just gonna help you get a better understanding on what we're gonna talk about on 4 p.m. on Friday so that we can really hit the ground running. But what I really want you to start thinking about is how we can minimize our downside in sales, because that's gonna be huge for you. I'm not sure. And this training is on solution questions. And you're going to have to find a way to migrate that list to the group. Another one could be the current relationship versus their desired relationship. He's making what, four grand a month or whatever he's making. When we create that association with their projections and they have full ownership of them, so it's for their reasons, not your reasons, right? Wow. Or others would have terrible experiences. You don't have to be an expert in the industry, you don't have to be, like, some influential thought leader, you just need to be a fucking expert in that problem. Which, again, is a pain question, but we're using it as a setup. And the worst part about that is, even if you get the $20,000 a month, what happens with a lot of these coaches is they're capped 80 hours of work in a week, they hate their business, and because they're capped on clients, the only way they can scale is to bring on a team, but they're at 20K a month, so they don't have the cash flow to bring on a team and they're stuck. You can't mess it up, and I just don't think there's any reason to do the other ones, but that being said, I do have clients who really like the quote-unquote basic transition. And so the big thing here is when you ask your question, shut up, okay? There's already implied costs by, you know, his wife giving him the deadline, but obviously this stuff leads into cost here. Any of those questions that allow us to go deeper, right? Because it is sort of out of sequence being in here. So let's do it. I mean, I hate the blanket answer, but like, so that's like for you guys, Joseph and whoever else, I mean, anybody really who has a business offer, that's a great way to transition into like, like we're talking about goals and transition into the personal stuff. All right, so the second mechanism of social conditioning is the inner alignment of the person communicating the ideas. I mean, yeah, man, for sure. It's like I'm like meditating through them. This is going to get us always consistent group joins. And a lot of times they're just going to say yes, right? And so if they say, no questions, you say, gotcha, man, so you feel good, you have no questions, so what's next? And in doing so, it takes the pressure off of you. At that point, like, what would you really want, okay? We were just having our first month where we were very behind projections, and I just, one day, just was like, dude, we're gonna do a masterclass, 47 bucks, sold 300 spots to it, and then the way I ran the masterclass, we were able to actually, not through masterclass profits, but through lead-genning masterclass buyers, engineer momentum back, and then we hit our projection at the end of the month. Also, vision is a good parlay into that. And then, what you want to do is retemp and be like, okay, cool, so, you know, now that we got that out of the way, and we're both on the same page about that, I mean, do you feel like you're at an eight or nine, or, I mean, how do you feel? My throat's sore, I'm getting a little bit sick. What was the difference between what was promised and what actually happened? I don't do that anymore. Now, how that would work is really what you have to think about is you're getting your opt-ins from the VSL. For me, dude, it's mostly just like, I hate having like a manager that is like breathing down my neck. That's like smart people. So what we're gonna cover is the old way or the traditional way of pitching that you've been taught and why that's losing you sales. Notice even the tonality that what's the biggest challenge that you're, you know, I'm like not like, Hey, so what's the biggest challenge right now? The second one is gonna be during the transition. So there's two objections, basically. They're just in this mindset to where they have this belief that, you know, fitness shouldn't cost $5,000, right? So if you have one-on-one calls or onboarding, do that. He wasn't necessarily out of pocket or in a rut, but it took him from doing decent to just closing almost everybody he spoke with, almost overnight, okay? Um, also this will, the expert frame really shows up in your cadence and your tonality. Either way we're going to use the time in their previous behavior to justify asking why they want to fix it now. And the main one is that it creates feedback and dialogue, okay, so our entire sales process, as you'll learn in week three, is based around what's called Socratic dialogue, okay, which is basically asking questions in a strategic way to where the prospect not just tells us, but more importantly, themselves, why they have a problem, why they can't fix it on their own, why they have to change now, so on and so forth, right? And then what's your cash on hand right now? So you'll see here, I kind of set this one up very interestingly. If they say that, don't say, well, okay, well, why is that the biggest challenge specifically, right? So, and then also, one of the things, and this goes with problem linking, is you'll see me communicate the consequence of not having the pillar, which is cost anchoring. It makes sales so much more fun. So I don't mean masculine feminine in terms of gender, when I say energy I mean masculine energy versus feminine energy. Guys, Cole here, and in this video, we're gonna talk about sales best practices, so tips and best practices for your sales calls. I should change this to delivery. Just trying to grow your business, man. So they're on the call, they're trying to set this prospect, but they're uncertain of if this person's quality, if this person isn't quality. But 70% of the people you speak with, well, what would happen to them? I was calling about the ultimate guide to hiring A-player sales reps that you downloaded from Cole Gordon. So like there's really no benefit of me going towards that. And you're just going to simply load this with the same sorts of filters as before, but the difference is instead of created at and setting a date range, you're going to go create it at today. I like the one-two punch. And then once you handle it, retemp to make sure that you're good, right, that you can move on, that you have a green light to go to the next phase, which is the transition language. But if sometimes you've got those people, they're like, I'm not about the money. Now, I'm getting him to justify why this is different than, like, why is he more interested in this? So, it's the same thing here. Are you doing the things you're saying you're going to do? When you're putting all the attention and energy on the other person, who are you not focusing on? And it could be anything, ad to mini-chat, to lead magnet, VSL, whatever it is. They have no idea who you are. We're probably looking at, at best, at 10K, maybe a 75% margin, which means we're really going to have to be aiming at 15K or if we're going to be safe, probably 20K a month. A lot of people, after you've gone through all of this stuff, they're gonna say, oh no, this is something like I, you know, this is the top priority of my business. So there should be kind of some logical reasons why, but most of it's going to be emotional, OK? What would that change if you were able to get off sales calls, get that time back and reinvested, not just in your business, but also with your family and doing the things you really got in the business to do in the first place? Because I know that's not the way that you're driven, but that's the way in that we're going to make the impact that you really want and you feel like you should have and that you deserve. Okay, we're back. We have almost 170 clients right now. This usually takes me like five, 10 minutes. We'll cover all of that in the program, but you have to have a stronger frame on what the proper process is, not them. Would you have a process to fix this next problem that you're probably not even thinking about? So this is a way you can create the gap and then you want to follow up with, awesome, man. That's a great training. In this training, we're going to cover an example of the pitch codecs, as well as this pitch creation worksheet, to where you can basically take everything you've learned so far and refine it down into your own offer, your sales pitch, and get complete clarity on not just establishing that, but also pitching out on the phone naturally in a way that's compelling. So essentially, after you state each pillar, you're gonna have the prospect write it down. But for you, we're also talking about 150 racks a year, right? We thought it was bullshit, okay? So maybe, you know, some logistics, but not objections. So That's one thing Where do I find this interview Cole you send Mike Bernard Bernard? Now, what is the surface level destination, right? But I like better to, instead, it's like, I'm kind of pushing against what he's saying. So if it's just like the worry of you know, it's been a Couple internet scammers gonna take your money and go out to Mexico What we can do for you is Basically, we'll let you in for a week. People are very unsophisticated. You have to use a dialer in which the number pops up as the local area code of the prospect. Really good section. There's going to be problems. So I can coach you on the spot. So I'll be breaking down what I'm doing, why I'm doing it, and you're going to see all of this implemented in action. Ready to move on to number two? And I mean, that sounds simple. But people are funny, man, it's the one they wanna solve. Where are we at? Here's the thing is that when you plan, we'll talk about planning tomorrow today in this training, but when you plan tomorrow today, which means planning the next day, the night before, what you promised yourself when you put on your calendar that you're going to do that day, you must do, right? Fair enough? So these first two really justify those past failures, kind of throw rocks at their enemies, tell them why this is gonna be different, why this is gonna be work, it's revealing the mechanisms, pulling out the root causes of why they really failed in the past, why this is gonna be different, all that stuff, right? Pretty low. Okay, so this is gonna be your hedging, the activities you're using to hedge. I'll teach you that in another video, but I just wanted to show you a lot of this stuff. Basically, what's gonna happen from there is they're gonna be focusing on these new leads that are coming in, but in between the new leads that are coming in, what they should be able to do is go into their AlloWare and segment new contacts for the trailing last seven days of its opt-ins, or trailing last 15 days of its buyers, from essentially most recent to least recent, okay? So like, if you position it that way, it's like, obviously that's not accepted because like, it can't be, like, how is that fine? Number three, there is a clear SOP on how to capitalize on that opportunity and turn it from an opportunity into a set. There's mentors that you had, failures that you've had, the lessons that you learned, on top of books, courses, anything that has helped you develop as a person, the information in the world that you've taken in, all of that will dictate what you're able to put out, okay? But if not, at the very least, you have a game plan to work towards down the road. Getting to 115 pounds, right? But if this was like our SDA offer, a little bit more B2B professional services, you always gotta ask that. You just start saying the words, because you know them so freaking well. So that's the whole other thing to this as well. Pillar three would be paid advertising. And then it's like that plus like my dad, like had pretty, still does, like has pretty like wealthy friends and like people that do really, really well. So in terms of doing appointments, conducting appointments, that's gonna be in week three, sales process part one, week four, sales process part two, and week five, which is objections, okay? Like when you said you were gonna get up in the morning and do your ritual, which was 5.30 a.m. workout, did you do it? And so really with us, once they come in, immediate text and immediate call, and usually a double dial, meaning we dial, hang up, dial again, okay? First scenario is like that pumped up certainty, second one is resolve. And more so the feeling of control. Another example is there was one rut I was in where I looked back, and I looked back at my best month ever to find baseline, and I was going through this sales training by Tony Robbins, and I've gone through this sales training now. They feel like a call center instead of a business. Like is there anything going on with your friends, your family, maybe you're dealing with upset clients. Now, we already covered this in a few videos back. You need help. And significance and certainty are two of the highest emotional drivers of behavior. Doesn't mean we hit them every month. We already had a training on this earlier in the section, so make sure you go through this. So I would have outlined, if I wanted to get super fancy, maybe I would have done like a little iPad, iPencil type of deal, screen share. Those are two different things. And it's what's ultimately we're gonna use to normalize new levels of performance. Let's say you sell for Dan and Rob. OK, about $3,500. And when we have all of those numbers out there and they're very, very willing to just tell us those things, they don't have the money. If you guys get this, you can also just type in seven figure selling secrets and join the group. And again, I've used this in the past super successfully. Like, I love the actual like job itself. Pipeline and follow-up systems. It can include some fancy names, some mechanisms, whatever. A lot of times, they only want to make $5,000. I sent you the invite. And not only, you know, we've taken guys from like the 5K a month range, the 50K a month range, which is kind of around where you are, but we've taken guys all the way up to, I mean, we work with sales teams on the back end doing a million a month, two million a month plus. Can you see if you got that and accept it? It's giving him growth because he's breaking new records in business and breaking new records of personal growth that he's never hit before and it's giving him contribution because he's making more impact, he's getting more case studies and all of these things. And that's what I was putting here, it's like, you read the first few words, and then it's like, boom, I already know all the benefits of this, I know how all of it's structured, and how I need to present it, and the prospect told me so I can like, tailor in like, you know how you said this, and you're experiencing this, because of that, you're feeling this. These should be in the middle of your sales days, guys. But sometimes, what's going to happen is, especially with a lower level, people on just a lower level of consciousness, they might give you an apathetic response to where, oh, well, I guess I'd just be doing the same thing, punching the clock at 9, getting out of 5. How do I know when I have enough ammo? All right, but this is the best way to do it by far. And if they tried something in the past, it was similar to your solution. And it seems like a number where, like, I can afford a house, I can afford the car I want, like, I can take care of a family, my wife doesn't have to work. And really, more specifically, we want the intention behind the question. When you, when you know, when you bring this to them, what do you think that she's going to say? The overall goal here is to get buy-in on the thesis, okay? And then, also, you're not going to attract top tier appointment setters if that's all the opportunity you're giving them. Even if it's more about how they look in the mirror, which we want to dig into, we'll tell you a little bit more about that. Then we're going to ask a solution question. So here's some elements of this. You know, what if you, um, installed that pixel and then, you know, you started running some retargeting ads. Do you feel good about the process? And so I started to think about my sales calls this way. I wasn't interested in that. These are going to obviously be your biggest lever because according to Harvard Business Review, if leads are contacted within 10 minutes, they are 400% more likely to result in a meaningful conversation. So main objections at this phase is get rid of the uncertainty objections first, remove spouse and partner objections second, if any, okay? Like, I knew like years and years before. Kind of map out, um, you know, this isn't really gonna change too much, it's gonna be basically the same thing for everybody. A hard offer is promising the result in a specific timeframe along with what we're gonna do. And it's going to take a little bit more than 2K a month. Yeah, that makes sense. So, you gotta kind of practice it real time to see what it's really gonna be at the end of the day. So if we're transitioning into it right from, okay, gotcha, what do you think your biggest challenge is based on that I can pair you up with something that's relevant and useful for you, then obviously we're not gonna do rapport and frame the call, okay? We all have masculine and feminine energies, I have feminine energy, I'm a guy. So a good formula for this, and you can see how I use it up here, is so if isolated challenge, okay, so if lead generation is the biggest thing keeping you from getting to $100,000 a month or if having clear SOPs to where you can hire on team members and they can actually take the work off your plate, if that's the biggest thing that's stopping you from being able to transition out and get your time back, so instead of working 100 hours a week, you're working 40 hours a week and you have a business and not a job, I guess the real question is what's keeping you from figuring out how to structure that organizational chart and SOPs on your own? So if you get to that point, this is what you do. This is like a background question, which is the beauty of it, right? Very. And instead of some scripted, like, well, here's this, how's this call is going to go? So specifically, we'll go into the KPIs for the VSL funnel, some troubleshooting stuff, texting opt-ins, outbound calls. I'll ask something like that because I wanna, you know, basically eliminate the, oh, well, this sounds great. Drill them with flashcards, get them down. So I mean, nothing crazy. Okay, and it breaks their pattern, and it helps them kind of internalize this pillar. They're more goal-oriented. So from here on, we're going to dive into basically the set of processes for each respective funnel. But, uh, you're afraid to say it. But if you want to get fancy, you can add stuff like that in there. There's no reason to have a setter doing it. So, I'm not gonna try to, a lot of times, those first two, I do try to create a good little bit of dialogue around. And what do you want to do? But quite frankly, I'm not inspired by your vision, and I do not know why you do what you do. This also includes client testimonials as well. Also, are you constantly in your head on your calls or are you totally focused on the prospect? Well, what else are you looking into? And so that bogs them down and they think they have no time and they gotta hire on this big team and they just suck at time management systems. Now, here's the process at a high level. When do you think you have the bandwidth? Or is the pitch falling flat? This is my dream. Yeah, I know, okay. Cool, so ultimately, let's just suppose you get your lead gen up to where you have three to five calls a day. And then you can even ask here, let's say, did you get any one-on-one help? But as a rule of thumb, you want to bump that goal up so it's a little bit bigger. And then you buy the coffee to be productive on a surface level and alert and happy or good feeling, good emotions, good neurotransmitters and emotional level, okay? And then I sort of let myself kind of pitch what the prospect needs from the baseline. Now, just for an example, let's say it's a lead generation offer, and somebody can't generate leads. Maybe they wanna put their kid through private school, whatever, right? What questions do you have on that? However, you know, I hopped right in because I know a bigger income potential. You're going to learn this later in the training, what we actually say on the phone to capitalize on that. OK, and the reason why I'm asking this question is, and then you frame it within moral authority. just make sure and poke around somewhere else too. So you see how there's certain times where, you know, I said, I paused on constraints and then certain parts I sped through, okay? You feel really good about it. Now, for business-y people, okay? And you're gonna learn a lot of stuff and you're gonna come on the call and you're gonna be like thinking about all the stuff that you learned. Now, another reason is bold and specific promises is another element of the pitch codex here. This is gonna be the same thing as in week two, which is the sales process part one. Let's say they say no, right? There's a lot of science behind that. So life supports that which supports life, which means when you're entirely aligned with your vision, you get energy, okay? So last month, you had eight leads come in, you close to how much was that in revenue? So I'm gonna teach you in this week two different ways to do that. Maybe you're talking about one of the deliverables, okay? It's just the money. So you got to give them permission to just throw some poop on the calendar. No. Start with just what is your biggest challenge right now? This was one of the few weeks of 7FSA 1.0 that I actually felt really good about, and I think I just nailed it. We'll tie it to benefits and make sure we kind of eliminate any objections there. Did you second guess yourself when you're around that person? Why have you decided that you don't want to stay where you're at any longer? So we wanna keep it high level, keep it benefit rich. Or is that something you need to help with as well? I'm just doing this for easy math. But most of them, like, they're not trying to build certainty at the close or handle a bunch of objections or having these crazy come to Jesuses. So last training, we covered some really basic ones. Which is good. So you wonder how companies like Amazon and Apple and these companies you hear about that do things great, they innovate all of these things and they just destroy their competitors. Some exceptions here, though, is, because you know what, I've sold a lot of offers where, you know, even though they didn't one call close, I knew they were going to close and I two called them and I actually went through the entire process anyway and just they had to let their spouse know and that was okay and then they came back the next day and bought on a follow-up, so it was fine. Um, and how long you been doing that for a job? So we're going to tie it to these other areas, and that's going to widen the gap, right? That's kind of a fancy, unique mechanism. Then we, that's what we just did. Okay, well, in what way? But make sure the information that you're taking in in the morning is putting you in that prime state to where you're inspired because that inspiration equals energy. So, you know, what are some of the things that are really important to you about this personally, okay? So in other words, we wanna go from less invasive questions or easier questions to more invasive questions or harder questions. Like, is it like a monthly thing? What questions do you have on that presupposes that they have a question. So final step is we're going to start hiring you sales reps so you don't have to take any calls, this is yourself anymore, and you're going to start working on the business, not in the business, which ultimately is going to allow you to have that sense of freedom in which you can go on a week-long vacation without a laptop attached to your side. Cool. And I would frame it with the, by the way, the permission, reason why question, okay? At a certain point, a lot of times, it could be six months, it could be a year, it could be two years. And that's really what it's all about. So we just went through again, guys. So the first thing we do is actually just get clear on your offer, but more specifically, how it's explained over the phone. And I'm setting myself up for like the why now question, which let me see if this is up here. There's so many times where our setters, they'll give it to one guy and, you know, the, our closer won't close, and then the setter's like, but dude, that guy, I guarantee he will close with the right call. Um, so did how long have you been on the phones with this business? Now, once we've gotten our tie downs on that, we know there's no smoke screens, there's nothing that's keeping them from being uncertain that this method and this offer is what they need to get the result, then we can isolate and handle spouse, partner, or finances, or both, okay? But after that 30 call mark, you're gonna really see, okay, like here's what I really need to be saying. How often does that happen? We just went through the process as normal. How long have you been following Cole for? One instance is only going to be looking at new incoming leads as well as leads who responded to prior messages, because these are always going to take priority. Let's say, you know, you don't have the head of household on the phone, and, you know, it's a woman who's, you know, let's just flip the script, right? So as you'll see down here, we have all of these that I just listed out. Now, it's not the end of the world that I'm doing this. So you want to, you want to take that pain and it's like we're, we're just widening it and enlarging it. Now if you've just isolated the pain earlier like I taught you to and then you ask this question, well what's stopping you from getting there on your own? So let me know if that makes sense guys, but it's really, really important and you want to hold this frame throughout the entire portion of the call start to finish and throughout the entire part of the fulfillment relationship with the client as well. Yeah, you just wanna make sure that you can get the client. I'd be, but the big thing for me is the stress. And we can do that with weight. And if you have way more, like if you have 10 setters and only five closers, usually there's diminishing returns with that, and you either run out of calendar space or you run out of lead flow. Hello? Hey, cool. One that we fully understand the problem. So kind of what it was, what is he currently doing? Okay. Then they can't sell the leads. Hang on messenger before we do. And that's very common with agencies is like, you're like, okay, well, how many sales calls did you take last week? So I drew this little diagram down here. Well, like just hypothetically, what would happen, you know, if nothing happened, what would happen if it didn't? These are arrows in your quiver, and you can use them as needed. When you're in the shower, throw it on. It's like, no, I'm in shape. Setter KPIs should look something like this, OK? Or where do you really need to be? Again, if you're a business owner, you should watch the, or go through the Sales Team Accelerator in full, and then also the Onboarding and Ramp-Up Training, and then come back to this, and this is a great example, especially this week, of what your Onboarding and Ramp-Up processes should look like. Which ultimately, benefit of that benefit. We're going to talk about the belief ladder. So, there's a lot of ways. You cannot influence somebody to live up to their highest standards if you aren't living up to yours. Just me. And it's so much more authentic. Now, you don't wanna use really long, drawn-out, awkward, three to five second pauses, all right, and that's taught by some people, but you wanna make sure they're done talking, because sometimes it's not a finished thought yet. So, it's, and you can use this. Because when we have those, we can build SOPs around it to capitalize on it. Inspiration, are you doing daily gratitude? And the quickness in texting is even more important. We're like, okay, we were talking about business and now all of a sudden he's asking me about my family. So we can ask that. It's almost like they're in it, they're engaged. So, direct correlation here. It's just like, look, I mean, I totally understand that you think this is the biggest challenge in your business and it's really important to you. Just have a little bit of common sense here. And then even before you do that, watch how I do it in the example video in this week of training, okay? So you see how I kind of frame that there and I'm really isolating and pinning it down on this one thing, which is what I'm going to position my entire solution around. They're totally natural, but missed it. She's like, okay, well, what did you eat Sunday specifically? What type of legacy do you want them to leave behind for your family? It's like, chunking down really. So I'm gonna show you what I do here, as well. They're easy to work with the type of people we want to attract. I can't close the deals that we have. And it works very, very well. All right, this isn't just bad information like the news, for instance, but it's also your environment. Non-invasive questions to more invasive questions. I just kinda hit that. And it's like, you know, and just for instance, just to kind of drive this point home, and then you go into kind of a case study or a story or something that you've done in the past, or even your own results as a business. So, moving on, how do we actually use this on a sales call? Also, if you offer onboarding calls or one-on-one support, I would use, I'm gonna give you two options. But the four proven appointment setting models, if you follow that and you run it to a T, and you're spending enough on traffic, which as you're starting off, you don't have to spend that much. I mean, wow, that's like 6K next week, okay? Whereas VSL is more of an outbound than outbound texting. You know, he's worked within 2020 alone, probably at this point, 50 or 67, multiple seven, even eight figure sales teams. I'm kind of like doing it very tactfully. And then a need payoff question, so ultimately, man, if we were able to get your lead generation figured out, where you have, you know, three, four appointments a day, each and every single day, that are qualified, with that type of lead flow, what would be your goal then in terms of revenues, right? Here's my quote-unquote thoughts. So for spouse, a lot of times, it's really gonna, the best time to dig into this is gonna be when it comes up organically in the conversation. So I didn't get this bandwidth one because if this dude's not getting business, the thing is, it's like if he would tell me that he doesn't have the time to do it, I'm gonna decimate him on the phone because he doesn't even have time. Where do you feel like you fall exactly? That'd make it easier. Like for instance, I was working with a team, very notable in the space, probably all you guys know they are, who had 15 setters and five closers, and the setters could like barely get 10 sets a week. I think that's all the questions I have. Here it is. Partner is pretty easy, we'll get into the rescheduling language in a second, it's the same for spouse and partner, the one I use the least. So, I would send these all, because the more you send, it just makes it seem like it's not a bot opposed to a Control C, Control V, just pasting it. I mean, I've tried this, I've tried that. And it's like, she's like fishing so hard. And you're like, okay, gotcha. Now I learned this from studying a guy named Jeremy Miner who's a fantastic salesperson and this comes from Socrates and how he used to influence people by creating dialogue. So you can see how I'm asking what's stopping them from figuring that out on their own in regards to the lead generation, okay? If it's buyers, about the first 15 days. You might get a response along the lines of like, Oh yeah, man, whatever. But aside from that, is there anything else you would change about your situation if you could? And also, given how long you told me your sales calls were, I mean like 90 to even sometimes 120 minutes, you're going to be able to cut that time in half once you really get this down. But then the way we explain them, which you're going to learn in a little bit, is the key. Now, if they tried a bunch of stuff, it's basically the same exact thing. So, you know, again, I kinda give you the openings, it might be finances, it might be talking about the pain, it might be talking about the vision, and, you know, this person brings up his or her spouse. Et cetera, okay? And it's also gonna be the most actionable and applicable. Now, if you wanna be successful in business over the long term, then you're gonna wanna leave about 30% of cash in the business. You just change like the the guy who's thinking how am I gonna do this? In most cases, what's going to happen is we'll do this, and they're going to say, oh, I definitely want more. So what's important to know here is, if the four pillars hit all the key elements above and they're explained properly, so again, they're the simultaneous explanation of why everything they tried in the past has failed and why this is going to be different, then you don't need all these fancy, unique names and proprietary names, OK? That's your leverage. So hopefully you find this valuable, but like this is also, you know, and if you're selling biz op, like let's say you're selling a biz op, you know, grow your agency, biz op, drop shipping. But at the end of the day, I'm talking not counting deposits, not counting any of this stuff, full enrollments. You'll probably want to watch this break down on normal speed. That, along with double dialing, is big. So it just kind of depends on what you need. So this one's a little bit different. This is completely free and I really think it'd help you. So like how is that impacting other areas of your business? And so we use Allaware. So getting into the example here, little bit of a doozy. I think a better one with this would be, what does your ideal relationship look like? So, think about it this way, there's likely one to three problems that your market consistently has when you get on the phone with them. Believe it or not, guys, I'm not actually looking. And obviously, you're not gonna shoot all of your arrows, but depending on the situation and where the target is, you're gonna be able to pick which ones you wanna use, okay? So I'm going for it here again, which can also break rapport. So I want to make the bullets so they understand it and it's logical. I'm always going to get clear on the problem first, then I'm going to start to go into these questions. See? So that's the first problem. Okay, so you see how I'm chunking down and I'm going right into revenue pretty easily here. And then a lot of times, you know, you ask a question like this and as you start to get clear and clear on their vision, they'd be like, oh man, ultimately man, you know, what it would mean is, is just freedom and then just kind of pause and you just want to let that sink in a little bit. So a lot of times, like I've worked with sales floors, and don't take this the wrong way, but just, you know, a salesperson will have a call that kind of frustrates them, and they'll almost get off the call, and they're like, dude, that person just didn't get it. It's actually not gonna follow this word for word, but you'll see what I do here, and this is really, really good. So that was like, kind of an one of the 1000 cuts there. Now, the funny thing is, it is like, I say that question every time, right? He feels like he's the best person but he's just not getting in front of enough people and his clients are going to work with better marketers and salespeople who actually aren't as good as real estate at him, right? And I won't even have to read this, OK? This is actually in the previous week as well. This is perfect, right? Pain, doubt, cost, desire. And that again, is gonna act as that simultaneous explanation of why everything they tried in the past has failed, why the rest of the market, the majority of the market is failing, and why our approach is different, unique, superior, and why it's going to work, okay? So, with an entrepreneur, you know, this is not something that a lot of times they need to work on. Double time out. It's going to give you some scripting. Now, keep in mind, most people in tribal communities weren't alpha males. Other clients, we have to leverage organic so that they can fund their own paid ads. So like what I'm asking is there's been, I've been getting this a lot more lately and maybe it has to do with Corona, but it's like, Oh, I don't want to put that financial burden on my parents. Because what all three of those things are going to do in conjunction is tighten your feedback loop and the faster your feedback loop goes and the shorter that that feedback loop is, the faster you're going to get better at any given skill that you're working at, right? So here's exactly what to say to be able to fix it, okay? And all of this is not just, it's beyond sales. It's a way to frame what I'm doing here with moral authority, okay? And if you close 20% of the people you'll speak to, which we'll teach you how to do, that's only what? Um, so, like, in the morning before I go to work, I do personal training. So these are not an exhaustive list. So I like this, because it's kind of future pacing them into the solution of it. It's just completely free flowing through you, all right? Well, you're working with me, Cole Gordon. So let's get into this now. No wonder I was in a rut that week. Well, how's that going for you? Grab a pen and pad right out one through four. I mean, I was already really, really good, don't get me wrong, but it's a true story. So let's go into the scripts. Like, let's say, you know, let's say you help fitness coaches get leads, OK? Okay, well, let me ask you a question here. Now, why did I not ask that in this call? Now, this is why if like your B2C, coaching, consulting, weight loss, dating or even if you're like low-end B2B or biz-op, really recommend staying away from the two-call unless you have to and just doing a one-call because those types of sales, let's say fitness, dating, biz-op to where you're starting a new business or even like business owners that are below 20K a month, to be honest, all decisions are driven emotionally. Now, so the key is, and the reason I was telling you that, by the way, is I know that pressure can sound intense. And they don't even like, it's like they almost didn't even realize they just said that. We're not gonna hard qualify them here. So that's a good, you want to create that linkage there, right? Just shouldn't be the centerpiece of any of your strategy. Okay, so that's money. Then it's hard to get them to actually confirm and book. What I want you to know is that throughout the entire program, everything that I teach you is going to be taught in a way with language and all of these things and within a process that will help you gain moral authority. Then role-specific is, this is what you do, your sales reps need to be doing in the beginning of day, setters and closers, this is what they do during the day, when they're in the field, right, there's only two things that matter, generating appointments, doing appointments, and this is how they wrap up their day, a lot of the admin stuff, just to make sure nothing falls through the cracks, okay? So, with Allaware, if one of my setters called me, it would show up as a 440. Now it's like, I really, if you got squirrely at the end, I can be like, it's like, here's what happened earlier, which when you go this deep, they're not going to get squirrely at the end. This is like a brief primary here. Okay, great. But, you know, somebody's probably not going to want to have all of these non-monetary things. Six, seven a day. It'll probably take you, like, five minutes to go through, but it'll give you a little bit more of a better idea of what remote closing is actually like, potential of it, opportunity out there. We've already decided we're going to work with somebody, either you or this other guy on Tuesday. What do you need to get there ASAP? Okay we'll see you guys. So that's fine as long as we adjust behavior, okay? So there's importance there, but then we need to chunk it down a little bit. The reason we have qualitative is because, really, to get statistically significance on your performance, you need about 30 to 50 calls minimum, okay, and nobody wants to give somebody 30 to 50 calls only to find out that they're not gonna work out. But here's some stuff you can ask. How many sales people do you have? So we're gonna talk about both, how to maximize your upside and minimize your downside. It was all one fluid call. Now barring extreme situations, I always would leave the money belief to the end. Like, do you like, I mean, obviously you guys have to get paid at some point. So we really want to focus on the first seven days of opt-ins and buyers, and then we only call out the buyers to 15 days. That's what I'm talking about here in terms of how we elicit. We're going to be chunking down. Now, this is VSL specific. That will create doubt because a lot of times once you get down to, you know, I love using lead generation, just the easiest one to use. You're going to get a lot of guys 18 to 25, right? So anytime you're kind of, because they might be like, oh, you know, it's definitely the second one. So in cases like that, like I stated above, you've made the emotional sale, but you kind of haven't made the logical sale. All we tell them is we just pre-frame, there's gonna be a second call. And so I wanted to put it in its own section now in the discovery information gathering portion of the course, which is now week 2, actually. Welcome to this video on how to pitch using the Pitch Codex system. Are you creating the buying pocket? So an example is we might ask background questions like what's your offer, what price point, what industry are you in, how's the offer structured? The sale is on your opportunity, okay? I would listen to at least three. Okay, pretty simple guys. So we'll circle back to what to do when you start doing that. Which, by the way, I'm telling you, this is probably the most important document in the entire program, so really internalize what's on here. Now, it's also a great week for current sales reps, also a great week for business owners, especially those who wanna understand what your internal sales training process and ramp-up process should look like, okay? Oh yeah, I was burned in X program, blah, blah, blah, blah. So, so far we've covered pain, like expanding on the pain. So on top of that, if you want your call reviewed, go to this link and get your call reviewed. Curated opportunity streams is the key to building a setting team in the info industry. And I would go as far as to say that 75% of the success or failure of the sale comes down to the offer, not kidding. Then it's a real conversation. Yeah now to touch on another point that you were saying You know, there is a lot of uncertainty right now the biggest thing is You got to be at that beacon of light beacon of certainty that grounds everybody else right because really like here's the thing that I've noticed because you know, there's a lot of gurus coming out with like Offers that are repositioned around all this stuff and I've seen people do kind of well with it and it's like After going because I've bought in some of their stuff to and after going through it It's like nobody knows what the F is going on in my opinion. Okay, then, well, what's the goal ultimately, though? When you say a five, what does that mean to you? So really, this is all about how to do that down here, OK? But for now, we don't want to go into that. Our team is all in. Like, this is intense. I mean, well, I can ask you a personal question. And then we can optimize as a system to be able to hit our projections, and therefore hit our goals, okay? Or they're going to tell you, oh my god, it would ruin my life. Like, what do you really want, okay? What do you have time to do? Maybe he's just bumping up against your frame. I will tell you, because I used to just be all over the place, and I used to screw up on all of this stuff, but this was the main one, sleep, to where once I got this in place, that's how I really got into the 30 to 40% closing ratio and then eventually I got that a lot higher than that. Dude, just sent you an email or sent you an invite. And then I basically, you know, say, look, I'm gonna tell you not what you want to hear, but what you need to hear, right? Somebody's going to tell you a story about their dating life. I'm gonna give you a really good book to read. Number two, it's generated in a consistent way, meaning the mechanism in which generates it is the same every single time. I've done door to door sales. Now, really key point, remember our definition of curated opportunity streams, okay? And if you get out of your head and you've been through this training and you've drilled and you've role-played with me, you will, which is amazing. Do you think there's some sort of, so I like what you said there. OK, well, if you did get the one-on-one, do you feel like it would have changed your results? And then they have like, um, they have no clear goal of where they want to be, right. But we also want to know, are they shopping? That's all I got for this video, guys. You should go, in this section here, you should go more in depth with the questions, but I would just really learn, I would master these first, and then I would also go through these because it'll build some more depth of the understanding of this. So oftentimes, I will link one of these pillars to significance. That's great. Doesn't mean you can't do a little mini recap or kind of throw in a little tidbit of your thoughts here and there. So the next thing we're gonna have to do after we actually lost the weight is retention weight management. Here's the same example that I used in the example. So that's gonna be the next video. And what you're going to do is you're going to write down, like, Ryan on your piece of paper, and then you know when you get to this point, you can pull him up and you can point out, oh, yeah, man, that's Ryan. In terms of bandwidth, some of the frameworks you guys talked about require, or that you guys are gonna talk about are gonna require four to five weeks to implement. And then as you'll see, we'll go into the high-level promise, the bridge, the pillars, the explanation of the pillars, so on and so forth. So in December, how many sales calls did you have in total? Well, what's the long-term vision, though? And the other side of the picture is like, help them paint that to be really, really clear as well. Totally understand, man, I think that's really smart for you to do, just being realistic aside, because I wanna really understand the long-term vision here. They're like five. How did that make you feel? In fact, standpoint, you may be not challenged anymore, whatever, it could be a million different things. Maybe it's just because like I'm not super familiar with like the online high ticket world, you know? Okay, no, right? And then you go right to the transition and to the pitch. How is that impacting them? Now, you can do stuff that's interesting. So you asked how it worked, which is like the support and you can see how I basically just restated a lot of benefits there. Like what I'm selling is getting his time back in this conversation. You just wanna kind of change the frame a little bit. How are you coming along with that? Because what's going to happen? A lot of times, if you just bull rush right into that question, they're going to be like, OK, well, how much does this cost? Finances and resources is always good with like, if you guys sell something that helps people generate leads. So it's like they've all kind of made big decisions and they continue to invest in their business. This week, though, we'll cover both the pitch and the committing phase. But if you have a super sophisticated B2B company, they're corporate, multiple decision makers, it's not gonna matter as much. And this definitely wasn't a perfect call. Chunking down. There's basically three filters our brain just automatically has subconsciously that allow us or kind of help us decide which ideas we should accept to be true while conserving as much energy as possible. And also not only get it to work, but get it scalable. But the difference with those guys is that they're going to be probably more base paid, because you can't get the heavy commission-based structure we teach you to work with your setters if they're mining your database. It's definitely way better than this. Or why is that important to you personally, okay? So you talked to 24 people in the past 60 days. Pitch codex. So real quick, what's the purpose of these questions slash what are we looking for? So when do we use these? And then I'll look at their sheet, and they only made three offers. How long do you feel like you'll know when you're ready to transition off? Great phrase just to interrupt in a super, super cool way. Basically, I'm getting one or two referrals a month. I mean, I went in, did some stuff with Grant Cardone. Philosophy is really important, because when you know how to think about sales, it gives you a ton of behavioral flexibility on the phone. Now, what I see is when I teach people that this is an okay thing to do and that this is a great tactic, don't pendulum swing and then all of a sudden, anybody who's not a laydown, you just start booking a second call because what's gonna happen then is you're gonna throttle your calendar and your offer volume's gonna go down, your income's gonna go down. Nobody's going to buy an offer that sucks, like, that they don't want, right? It's that they're not even sold that they want to buy businesses. Because you don't want to make it, like, you want to give them what they want, not what they need, OK? Sometimes it's a spouse, sometimes it's a parent, it's a, it's a relative or so on and so forth. And also your answer rates are probably two to three times higher when you dial within 10 to minutes. And then you're basically mind reading them here. So it's not the end of the world, guys, like, did that lose me the sale? I have a bunch of training here that would definitely be able to help you out. And do they give you energy? Now let's get into explaining the delivery. I wanna write that down. I love this question and I already said it. Is this top of mind for you right now? You want it to change. So getting to the truth of the transformation that they want, what their pain is, and if their actions are going to align with their words. But all of this stuff I have highlighted on the screen here is the same material, OK? But doubt really eliminates the DIY and ego objection and just remember that sometimes the doubt is already there, right? How many girls do you want in your rotation? In short, are you keeping your promises and commitments to yourself? Brian here, and this is naturally his personality, is kind of 150, 200,000 a year. For you guys who have like biz op-ish type of offers, so teaching Fitbros how to grow and scale their business, agencies, stuff like that, this is always gonna be fulfillment, right? OK, great. When we end with questions, we're leading, right? So, we'll go more on how to reframe people, how to do call-outs, how to do objection handling and I believe it is week five, but again, just a preview. Like two, okay. Okay, so you're spending half your time just on calls specifically. Really, so far, we've started off with some paying questions, sprinkled in some background questions. Like this is not gonna be a competition, you're probably gonna beat them by 40, even if you don't try, okay? You know, it was just like weird time, and everybody was having a down month, and I know that because a lot of the really big people in the industry are my clients. We are good to go, ready to rock. So there's this whole like You know if they say any of that stuff I could maybe still help them in the academy depending on kind of their business So that's a whole that like segues into a whole different process right, but this is for the sales team, so The first thing I do is I narrow down these three problems All right, and the reason we're going to do this is because for each of these problems We're going to craft questions that allow us to really understand the problem clearly To chunk it down to the specifics which really elicits the pain Um and also create doubt around their ability to fix the problem Okay, and it's also we're going to kind of craft these questions in a way where even just by the nature of asking them It's going to position us as the expert that we know the solution to that problem. What are you currently trying to do to fix it? I call them follow-up and pipeline deals. And if you don't get on an offer within 90 days, we work with you until you do. And again, this is gonna build that sense of accuracy to where when you say you're going to do something, you're going to do it. Thanks. The committing phase is crucial. And it's super simple, but I'll tell you what, most people, I mean, I would go as far as saying 95% plus of salespeople, even good people, screw this up. There's no contest here, there's no ifs, ands, and buts, there's no, I'm trying my best, I really want to, it's like, no, it's done, okay? This is also known as looping. And that was something that was really important to you? I think of like LeBron James in the NBA finals. And we can even chunk that down. And where he fits into it. And then, of course, the moment of decision. I'm really good at closing. I would say I'm gonna hit eight at the beginning of the week I'd hit eight every time, or I'd hit more, you know? The next video will be on how to adjust it for a two-call close, whether you're a professional agency, branding company, whatever. So if it's a lead generation problem, if I link the lead gen problem to the fact that he does not have the margins and the cash flow to hire a team and build a business and not a job, I just widen the gap. There's still a challenge. So, you know, can I ask you a personal question? But you only relate to them, you only relate the case study's pain to the prospect's pain. Cole here, and welcome back to the training. And then step eight is narrow down which deliverables you're gonna present, right? What is a curated opportunity? So I would just find a way, because I'm a setter, I wanna know when the new leads comes in, so I could click a button, boom, hit it, okay? Now, projections also allow us to reverse engineer the path to our goals and then hedge, okay? He's like, no, just, I believe in like, you know, doing, making do with what I have available, like in terms of like my current resources. Well, obviously he wants consistent, predictable lead flow to where he knows where his client's going to come from each day, day after day, month after month and he never has these ups and downs and therefore his income is consistent and his life is consistent, right? Oh, so that was perfect, you know? I hate this guy. And then on top of that, you're going to have one-on-one access to me Monday through Friday, 9 to 5 through Voxer. OK, this is super key. Thoughts on that? They just all flow together. Now, things we wanna include here is one, like our inputs. You know, if he tried to be like, oh, I'm just gonna figure it out. And why do you say that one, right? And it's also easier to establish a baseline. Well, I know you do, you know, you said like 5060 hours of work. Like coming across natural. Alright guys we'll see you next week. That makes them more certain. So part of my support is to give you a call review right when you come in. So again, we want to isolate, have they tried anything to fix the problem, but also have they tried anything that's similar to what we offer? So again, I'm being hypercritical on myself, guys, but I wouldn't have asked that question, I would have moved on to what I just asked, which is what are you doing for work right now? 9.5 out of 10. So this isn't going to follow this exact chunking down script, but it's still what I'm doing is just trying to fully understand like what's going on here. So you don't want to have a monotone pacing. This is the financial qualifier. So that's the good news. Just focus on this initial part of just fully understanding what the problem is in their business and, like, why that's going on, okay? We have it on a daily or near-daily basis for sure. So I'll say this again, putting this together for the first time, it's gonna be a little bit choppy, okay? Did you operate at your potential today? Did you, and then I would say this. Oh, what does he like about it? So the mechanics of it, what's working right now, what's not working right now, and ultimately what you feel like are the specific challenges that are keeping you from moving forward. The last thing I'll say is that this is, if you're familiar with 7FSA 1.0, this is actually pretty much, I mean, this is an addition here. I know it's a little bit woo-woo. So you should be well-rounded. Like, they should focus their time on where it's gonna be most profitable, okay? More or less, the scripting and the processes asides from the few distinctions I just made here are the same, okay? And a lot of times I like to frame that, you know, and I love that because I got to my business for freedom too. Let's have, let's together have the conversation with your parents and first, just see all together. If they're in health care, right? I'm glad I went this deep. Because when there's that extra touch point in, there's a little bit of extra selling, they've been assigned some homework, they're a little bit more comfortable with your company, they're more likely to close. And I know that. So think of, like, OK, they're going from point A to point B. What do you need help? I'm telling you, if I could just get you to do one thing, it'd be really getting clear and going deep on the problem and just getting a crystal clear understanding of every single prospect's problem. They're like, yeah. But there should be weeks where they left it all on the field and they missed, okay? It looks like this is how you're going to show up. We're gonna get into the difference and how to set projections, how to set goals, and also more importantly, how to hit those. We probably wanna hedge and get it down to 30%. Do you see how I used, if you were even to, and I forgot what I said, but I think it was, if you were even to consider moving forward, when would you possibly be open, possibly open, consider, if you were even, right? But again, the three criteria, it's got to be generated on a daily or near-daily basis in a consistent way with a clear SOP to turn that opportunity into a lead, okay? So I want to give him credit. Up here, hits all of these elements, but at the same time, it doesn't follow any of these formulas precisely. So how you can loop again and again and again. So a need payout question is really, really good. So then just get clear on their goals and then you just want to reverse engineer. If you feel like this is the best round for the family, for your income, for all of that stuff, go ahead, move forward with it. How long have you been struggling with x? Pillars two and three, just a logical flow in order from the first pillar. Not a lot of people teach this, but the way I like to say this, or the way I like to talk about this is it turns questions into, or it's questions that turn stories into numbers. Who would you consider to be kind of like your perfect client? And what's going to happen as you have them do that is they're going to throw some crappy leads on the calendar, but it creates these learning experiences, a better feedback loop to where between you and the closer, you can say, hey, this lead's not qualified, this lead is qualified. You just write that down, and you take notes. Are you working those emotional beliefs? Ultimately, what's the goal? So let me be very clear here, and this is going to make just try to get the concepts and the theory behind this now. Now, obviously, if the guy comes in and he projects 100 this week, you know, there's coaching moments where you kinda gotta guide them as a mentor to set stuff that's accurate and realistic and stuff, and then also stuff that's gonna push them, okay? Usually here, if they just ask you what's next steps, you give them next steps, and since you talked about the investment, typically they're going to be like, okay, and what's the investment, all right? There you go. You want to do it in a way to where this is kind of benefits, but it's really actually, I'm like explaining what we're actually doing. And when I ask them why, they're like, well, they put it in the application. So like, do you feel like there is a place for, for diagnosis on our behalf in that position? Because like, when we're talking about time, where are we at here? Like, you know the sun's gonna come up tomorrow. So like, that's really important, right? What's up guys, Cole here and welcome back to the training and likely the last training in week three. It can be an opportunity that they can use. So let's start from the top. Right, so now we're gonna go into, you know, and then if they say, oh, no, my total income for the past 60 days was, you know, yeah, it was just that four grand a month. So you could be sounding great, coachable, culture fit, all of this stuff, but man, if you get 50 calls and it's just, we just cannot figure out why you're not closing, it's probably gonna be the end of the road, okay? So I say, does that make sense? We've all had those days where we've been performing at 100%, we're like, our conviction's so high to the point in which, like, we could just close anybody we speak with, okay? I mean, I just kind of need to know like, what is, what is it? And the further resource for this is the pre-pitch method. So somebody tells you, you know, they isolate the pain. I found the VSL leads, in terms of outbounding them, more or less, you get the same exact metrics as you do low ticket, which is why I don't really do low ticket. This is super ninja. So he didn't have to spend that time on the calls. And then listen, and then you'll know which ones to ask because like the perfect opportunity is going to come up. It sounds kind of intuitive, especially if you're like a beginner itself, you're like, how am I gonna do the right thing spontaneous in the moment? And one of them is the identity document. Not always, most of the times this is a huge red flag. So one key thing there about this question is you see how I said, gotcha. They're opting in for that same little thing the same time. OK, well, then how can we get more resourceful to make this work? So I'm gonna ask, gotcha, well, you want to transition down to nine to five into a, you know, a remote kind of your own thing, solopreneur type of deal. I don't think that was that bad. Nothing. That could be live streams or two steps. Cause I just want to like, that's one of the things that we've helped clients before with the past, but this one mindset was with that. There was a question about what do you think about sending them a short questionnaire. Pillar two, organic lead attraction. So hey, is this Cole? And then we end with another question. And really what that means is you need to become somebody who can close 40% to 50% one call close. This is works better after you stretch it out with time and we're going to get into that with the cost questions and like the why now type of stuff. Okay, super simple. And that's what you need to be doing After this, I don't think this will take too long after this Let's talk about some of the objections. Did anything stick out to you specifically? Because it's almost like I think of it as if you're walking to the end of, you're walking to the end of a cliff, it's like the prospect, when they make the investment, they're jumping off the cliff. I mean, a lot of times, we get hundreds every single day. Now, financial questions. Now that is the sound of belief. Does it make them understand everything that they've tried in the past? This one, I learned this randomly from somebody sometime, but man, it's the best. So for instance, in a two-call, you're gonna have less emotions at the close, okay? These assets are key because they give the salespeople fodder to be able to follow-up, okay? Right, because I didn't handle the freaking first objection. Pre-frame yourself every single time before you get on the call that you're coming on the call with these beliefs, that you're the prize and that you have a ruthless independence of the outcome. You're in there with a couple hundred other of the top closers in this industry. We always want for, we're working real estate. Pretty easy. And if they've tried things and they haven't worked, we're going to go deeper with these types of questions. But you know, so can I give you some feedback? So, clarifying, so that was the diffusing language. So getting long-term vision is key. Or were you just thrown into a Facebook group with really crowded group calls? But basically, your last one should eliminate the fear of success, which is the next logical problem that the clients have after they solve the core problem. What is your plan if the last 12 months is like the next 12 months? Anyways, strategy five, the last resort. Like, I'm educating him as I'm pitching him here. And that was huge as a contributor to his success down the road. So then the prospect responds, well yeah, I mean, last time I got help with my lead generation, I joined a group coaching program, and there'd be so many people on the calls that I'd wait two hours and not even get my question answered, and that'd be a big waste of time. But usually logical, emotional, that one two punch there. Really, it's a temperature check for last minute timing questions, okay? It's the best ones. So what we're really doing here is leading them to the logical and emotional conclusion that we want, but with them feeling like they're totally in control and like it's their own idea, okay? We're going to cover the KPIs.
We're gonna talk about texting opt-ins. Like I know when I was at my last full-time position, the dialer we used didn't even have a texting function. So internal pressure is helping the prospects be pressured into doing something for their own reasons or maybe you're pressured into doing something for your own reasons. I'm going to teach it verbatim again because I'm telling you guys I do this every time and it just works so well. Now, what we used to teach is in the first couple of emails, driving them to the group. So it's as we widen the gap and go deeper into the pain. Just coaching them on their sales process, pretty general. Okay, so again, like, he's already kind of told me this great example, what I was trying to do is try to follow the process too much, a little redundant should have moved on. But if I tell you this, you're going to be like, well, shit. If anything, they might say nothing. When I first started teaching sales, I really thought it was all about, you know, the introduction, the discovery, and also how you pitched. What exactly do you think? Because I genuinely think that's kind of funny, me saying that. What's their long-term vision and impact look like? So, you need to show up as the person who you want to attract on the phones. So the question is, how do we establish it then? And to even have a chance, you gotta perform at your best, okay? Here's the other thing, dude. So we need to correct, or we need to change projections. So what do you think like your biggest challenge is right now? I'm really having that implied thoughtfulness in the questions. I kind of already covered this, but at the end of the week, we're gonna set projections for the next week. And it's definitely better than being in like a derp state. And timing is predicated on a lot of things, one of which of those things is finances. Just thought it'd be easier to just hop on, like sometimes it's just hard to, things get lost in translation over Messenger, so just figured it'd be easy to hop on in 10 minutes here and just continue our conversation here. Okay, so a lot of times, not a lot of times, but sometimes, you know, with 50-50 partners, especially if they're more experienced, it's gonna be okay, but you still wanna ask. OK, even if they want to make $50,000 a month or $20,000 a month, that puts them in the top 1% or top 0.1% of all income earners in the world, right? And then a great thing to do here is use the two truths, which I believe is right here. Get them to commit again. So these are your three to five pillars, your three to five steps, phases, whatever, and again, this is about giving the prospect complete clarity and certainty on what they need to get from point A to point B, while at the same time explaining why they're stuck or why things they tried in the past haven't worked and why this is gonna be different, okay? Like, what's the worst part about that? I like this way better. That's not something we do a lot of. Surface level, inconsistent lead flow, entrepreneur rollercoaster. And when you focus on yourself, what do you create? Okay, that's gross. Probably going to do a little bit better job on this one. I actually didn't use that question. Because there's only so much I can give you here. Your parents' stocks are getting crushed right now. This is the turn now because we're about to transition this puppy right into the triage. So because of that, you know, they've done a lot of testing here and this is what they've found to work. It better be on par with Jim Rohn. So this is a video where a lot of you guys watch these on 2x speed. So the new opportunity is creating funnels. And then the other thing Allaware has is a local dialing function, which means I'm a, I believe I'm a 440 area code. It's like, look, can I just tell you what I'm saying based on like having thousands of these conversations with people wanting to do exactly what you want to do. Each call stays on its own island and doesn't affect anything outside of that call specifically. And first, we're going to recap the group funnel and just kind of do a high-level overview. So if you follow my system correctly here, we'll go into deeper detail later in the training. So the first thing, we're going to cover this worksheet after the example. And it's not just to do the whole sales thing, you know, answer a question with a question type of thing. It's like you're telling them the reason why you're asking the question and framing that in their own best interests. A lot of, you know, I know agencies who do work for dentists and gyms and doctors and all of this stuff. I'm about to run into a meeting, okay? And I'll tell you what, guys. So we already talked about how to hedge. If you have that, you're never going to get your team effectively following up. Or like, of course, this could be transitioned into right from the triage call as well. And the reason for that is because they're doing everything correctly before the close. So go do some extra studying in those sections, and then on top of that, after this video, there should be at least one example, if not multiple examples of this done correctly, and me actually breaking what I'm doing as I'm doing it down so you can see how it's done. If you're going to do it, what I would do is do this pre pitch and then you temp timing and spouse. Now the key distinction here, because you may have, you'll see the questions I teach it here and you may have seen it in other training, but the key distinction is you want to isolate doubt on the pain, not the goal, okay? So, next to number four, right ascension, okay? So this stuff is critical, okay? It's like I'm talking about what we're gonna get done together, right? So here's some tips on how to do that, some tips on how to define hell island versus heaven island. This is really big. So it's really, really important. There's personal development. Like, in terms of the process, do you feel like this is what you need to go to get to $20,000 a month in sales income? But as you can see, once we start to go into these questions, it's going to open up all these possibilities to parlay into background and the doubt and the solution into financial and the cost. This will be a super quick training because this is easy. I didn't actually include variety in here but five is enough here. And it might seem challenging on the surface, but I'm telling you, if you just come onto your call with the intention that you're going to look for it, you're going to find it. It makes it a lot easier. Um, my relationship with my husband's really, really good. Then like your product's an easy sale because they obviously don't know how to do it on their own and they probably aren't looking at other options. You would never be at the bar with your friend and be catching up with somebody you haven't seen in five to 10 years, and then every single time your friend tells you a story or something, you would just like recap it to them. They truly know it could be Okay, does this make sense so that's my three problems All right now I put up here like I could talk to like somebody could very well book a call with me who wants to hire a salesperson and not have leads right, or they might um Not have a good offer or they're like it's a new offer They've never sold right and they just think a salesperson's gonna be able to do it. If you were to imagine yourself being right there at that level of income, what would be next? It's just raising certainty. Well, it's all customized. All this stuff is stuff they can do. So this is one of the ways that we build that. So this might seem a little bit choppy, but it's gonna give you the elements or the idea of how these elements of this framework are kind of at play in action, okay? You can do that. But, you know, don't be afraid to drop a story in your little transition here. Committing phase is super easy, super short, very simple, but I'll tell you, it's one of the most effective, and this combined with effective information gathering is why I don't get objections nearly ever. What's up guys, Cole here, and in this training, we're gonna talk about subcommunication and sales, okay? We'll get into that in just a second. We don't even need to look at it, okay? And they're currently using that. We'll do a whole follow-up training on this later, but that's just a little preview for you guys. So I always tack on a questions, thoughts. 10% drop in your closing percentage across 30 days. And it was really taught in more of a marketing context and an entirely different context of sales, but it helped me think about how to have a sales conversation and really how to reverse engineer all of these beliefs the prospect needed to have to be true in order to buy and how to reverse engineer those from the sales call. Awesome, so and how are you currently generating leads now? Doing this makes it very conveyor belt like for your setting system and your setters. I would outline, okay? You don't have to, I have people that come to me really stressed about not being able to figure this out. Email and SMS replies, we'll cover that in the email and SMS section, so don't worry about that yet. I'm a single guy myself, you know, with 60, 70 hours a week. Everybody wants to have some type of growth when it comes to their, you know, their career. When I was like first coming into my, you know, when I was first starting off as a full-time sales rep, and I was joining my first sales team, I would take the top closers on the teams that had the best wins and their best sales calls, and literally listen to them eight times a day, script them out by hand, and just, I would try to burn those things into my brain, and that's how I learned a lot of my chops. So, let's talk about, maybe your program has three or four key deliverables. So why is that? And I kind of like that because, man, I've asked people this question and they'll respond with something like, man, well, ultimately the goal is to build libraries in, you know, some third world country, you know, and they start telling me about that. And I'll give you a few tips for that. Hey, hey name, it's Jared from Cole Gordon's team. Current occupation and freedom level versus desired occupation and freedom level. And they're also going to help us position our offer down the road. I just feel like, you know what I mean? It's just like what I do. So again, we're gonna focus the first part on selling the consult, second part on qualifying. I mean, just repeat what I say, but I'm getting permission. So if it's like, I know you guys, if you've enrolled in this training, you've at least, if you've taken sales calls, you've at least had a few times where, um, okay, you know, we were on the call. This person was, and here's why. So what they buy is the Aspirin to achieve a state of surface level, no headache. But the two ways you can approach your spouse, right? And if you do that right, it's going to set all these strategies up to be successful. So, without further ado, that's it for this training, and we'll see you in the next training. I want him to be selling himself on this one. So I mentioned this earlier, but it's like if they just had a coach that was, they basically bought 10 sessions, and it was 10 weeks long, having resources and training like a course to actually go through, that can be a differentiator. And now, what you'll find is when you do that with your pitch, it actually like, takes a lot of the pressure off you and it makes it just really non-salesy and natural and it's way more compelling. Like what's your goal? And then how, like, you know, I kind of threw in the how to balance thing, but like, does that put you in a tough position given X? Let's see, probably, let's do four. How are you coming along with building the setter team that you wanted to do? I love this question. Because I can already kind of hear the questions coming with this stuff. Who can I reach out to for help around this? Yes, do you agree? Now, for the buyers, it can be on the lower end of this range, especially as the price goes up. Now you're also in businesses. Now, why do we do that? You have to know how to close. I'm probably just like scaling sales team, scaling up sales. It seems like somebody on my team is already trying to contact you. Okay, well, obviously he's gonna have to go talk to this other guy, right? Now, the next training, which it's not next week, it's the next training, and we're gonna cover, it's keys to high performance. And then you don't realize it's an objection. But I'm telling you, I was on a different team. So, if you're a business owner, this is a great overview of what your internal sales training process should look like. And you've only sold two. I think it's beyond the scope of this training, but I do corrections in the mornings based on what triggered me the day before. That's really the major chunk down for us, right? And that's because you can tell it's coming from that depth of experience, okay? It's just because your mom or your dad told you to do it, right? And you know you already set aside this time to speak with this prospect, and you know you're at this point. Now, the status delta is the perceived difference or the difference in perceived status from two different people, okay? I mean, and I hate to ask this, but what do you feel like, if this trend continues in six months, where are you going to be if nothing changes? It is that important. And so basically, if we can kind of paint the picture of what they're doing in a context where it seems outside of what is perceived as social norms, they're much more likely to autocorrect back into what is our frame of what social norms is, okay? It's like the best mindset sales book I've ever read in my entire life. I think that is me. And I don't want you to think, like sometimes you are in a rut, right? You know, I need to do something and it's actually gonna create a little bit of urgency So, I think it'll actually pick up a little bit more next week unless Something else, you know freaking shocking comes out and it gets even way worse, which is possible So that's something that I think you guys have to look forward to because I do think it will be a little bit easier It's kind of a shock effect So basically what I want to show you guys that's one other thing Cole I'm what like I think one thing that I'm running into too is like I feel like there's a place where like someone might be a little scared, but it's still the best thing for them to like move forward and for me to like Stand up for them with leadership of like to do that. And it's like, oh, yeah, that kind of reminds me of him. And obviously, it made him emotional. So a few things here, I'm going to kind of pause myself as I go through this, is so this is IP, right? I was analytical, very numbers driven person, very introverted. What we want to do is we want to ask our questions, shut up, listen to the response, make sure they're done speaking, and then ask probing or clarifying questions to go deeper and really peel the layers of the onion to get to the truth of what's really going on in their life and or their business or their health or whatever. So kind of the formula looks like this is going to be amount of pillars. So, let's get into it. If not, this whole strategy's gonna fail. You're gonna say, hey, can I ask you a personal question? It's how you build confidence. And then put those in your, think about them as arrows that you're putting in your quiver. And then just general motivational content. But like if somebody asked me when I'm on a diet, like I kind of have like a, reason that just sounds good, you know, fabricated. But at a certain point, what you're gonna wanna do, just to use the previous example about the vehicle, you're gonna wanna drive a faster car, okay? And this is how a lot of prospects are. This is the last part, finally. But just to be frank, it's probably not going to be not what you want to hear, but it's what you need to hear. We need to pin that down just because it helps us really make the offer down the road a lot more tangible. How does that work, right? So you got to be totally present, kind of clear out all of this, like, trying to, like, jam a square peg into a round hole and, like, trying to really use the script on this call. Now, really important note here, the salesperson shouldn't be KPI'd on calling the list in full every single day. After that, it's pretty common sense. It's not a huge red flag. But this is why I recommend using what's called status drops in a cool way, in a non-douchey way. So I first heard this from Eli Wild, and this is kind of what I've took from this, and it's added a lot of value into my career. Something to take notes with? Dials, 100 dials a day, okay? There was two there. Once we get that all down pat, you know the sales process, you know it like the back of your hand, we're gonna drill it and role play it until like really it's second nature. But then there's like the real reason. If you were doing like $7 book buyers, I would still probably say you're in the five to 700 buyers per setter per month range. So I mean, we only run two clients in the past two months, 24 sales calls. I don't care how big and intimidating you are, how badass you think you are, your ass is just gonna get off the sidewalk. They're going to think, okay, well my offer's 6K, so a deal or two a week. Right now, wasn't any, like that's what I talk about when I say giving insight, like that's a great example. So sometimes I'll be like, can I ask another personal question? Now I, I will be candid with you guys. And this process altogether acts as kind of the thesis or unique mechanism, OK? And I just pause. Yeah, that's cool. Like somebody might bring up like, oh, yeah, man, my wife gave me an automatum. See, this doesn't apply as much for ROI offers, because if you really get down to the pain and what they want and they believe that with 100% certainty that investing in your program will grow their business by, you know, $10,000 a month, well, then they're going to, in your tickets, let's say, $5,000, well, then they're going to do it, right? And then he says, oh, no, well, I mean, it's not even an option. That's a benefit. Cool, so you see how they created that dialogue that just breaks it up, makes it easier to digest, and I say, okay, so you're ready to move on to number three, right? You can do that on the ads call or the setting call. So which one of those, if not both, do you feel like you fall into? Are you sure? Or, like, dude, door-to-door solar sales. Well, the very first thing we do is number one, and then you tie it to the benefits. I mean, can I ask you a personal question? But we'll help you do it, make sense? Now, real quick on these videos, they're both brand new, but originally I was gonna put these in a different week of training, and then I decided to move them into this week's of training. And the reason I have this one in here is all my competitors, they won't review your calls. We wanna get clear on that on both a surface-level standpoint and an emotional standpoint. And that's important because I know they need my help. And just be smart here. And I just showed him the example of these two videos, and one is when I first started making paid marketing content, and this is just really embarrassing, and then the second one was from about a month ago when I'd put out a lot of content, I just don't care what people think anymore, and I'm just like, whatever, okay? So it's like you asked like, well, what's really going on? I'll post on facebook groups. This one's gonna talk more about like hedging and how to actually do this effectively, okay? I'll post this in the group. Because it's just such a, I've never found a better way. Cool here and welcome back to the training. Or do you have a process in which those are good formulas for this type of thing? If they haven't seen it, have them pull it up, right? Because when you ask, is there any other reason, if you got the surface level answer the first time, you're going to get the real answer this time. I'm going to use a need payoff question to paint the other picture. So I do that through audio and that gives me inspiration, clarity, necessity. Now, what you input into yourself is gonna dictate your output, all right? And it just implies that they've already succeeded with all the other stuff. It's a few things. This training is going to be a little bit long, so I'm going to skip over that. I mean, that's why I started this in the first place, because I mean, the people that are the contractors for me, they do some basic stuff, but they do a really good job of handling their thing. The outcome, the first outcome we're gonna achieve. And if your offer is, say, 5k, that's literally 150k worth of business you're staking on somebody you don't even know is gonna pan out. I just want to make sure. That's how you process it down to where like you get it down to like 40 minutes tops so should be good. Let's see what we've got here. So for us, I'll just tell you how it works. I can pretty much walk you through the process A to Z if you would like, but you tell me where you wanna go, right? Like, I'm just gonna hire people to do it for me. How is that priced? And then, of course, you know, if you want to go deeper with us, we can go over kind of what that would look like as well. Okay, what are you doing to currently try to generate leads now? And then look, you book them in, then if they don't qualify during this section, which won't be the majority, I mean most of them will qualify, but if they don't, then you just cancel, that's it, easy, okay? And like, when you say you're a startup and you have access to some funding, like, man, I don't know if that means, you know, you just got to pay your TO to invest a billion dollars in your business. They said follow-up was stupid. We're gonna say, hey, I wanna do 41 offers because I usually do 40, but then if I even do 30, I'm good, all right? I lay it out step by step by step. Well, if you're looking for sales specific help, what I recommend is we have four group calls a week, OK? Pretty much everything. So really get these down. Now, obviously you work with like local business marketing clients. And this is only guys, if you have like a new opportunity where they have to get sold on the method before getting sold on the product. Now, the reason why Socratic dialogue is so powerful is something called consistency bias. I, I, well, I've got a varied background. So less emotion at the close, that's drawback number one. So that's a big one. You don't have to take all the calls. I'm on the phone so much That i'm caught working in my business not working on my business Right, so i'm on this perpetual hamster wheel And I just never have a time to breathe To where I can actually kind of get out of the weeds make strategic decisions from a ceo visionary level Okay, the third problem is maybe they actually have like a team of one two, three people setters closers, whatever But the performance isn't up to the level. And getting to 115 pounds so you can get into a size two, I'm curious, but is there any other reason that that is important to you personally, right? And we've always focused on this one-to-one setter-closer ratio, meaning if you have six setters, you have six closers. I got two of them. These can also be solution questions. Like I'm almost just kind of like, just I have that contained expression, it's not full range, it's a little bit apprehensive, it's not terrible in the sense of very, very monotone back cadence, and upward inflecting and just very uncertain, but it's definitely not good and it's not me, okay, and it's because like I had never, you know, and this is like a thank you page video for a paid traffic page, so it's like really not a big deal at all, but I was just in a place where it was like the first paid traffic video that I was created, or paid traffic campaign that I was creating, and I was just overthinking stuff, okay, and it was coming across in my tonality and my certainty. So, there's a specific framework I'm gonna teach you in a few minutes that's gonna cover this, but this is huge. I'm going to ask you some questions about this. Now, there's also buyer leads, right, which are lower mid-ticket products. And then I would add, because in my personal one, I have stuff about my health. What are the reasons I wanna achieve not just my projections, you know, this year, but also the short term for this quarter, this week, this day, all of those things, right? So they're, they're not letting the prospect sit in the weight of their pain, right? It doesn't seem like we have any sort of process in which we can like and get some people to interview to take over for you. So you can see in this one up here, we started off with, you know how early on the call you mentioned logical pain and then emotional pain, okay? First of all, the first thing I want to say is like, let's just see if this is the right thing for you. You can call the recent no shows. And so you can see, I did kind of riff it, because this isn't scripted exactly how I should say it. What was it about, you know, what you saw in the ad that stuck about it to book this call? So how to increase your perceived status through tonality. Because you have that, you can basically go into any economy and make at least six figures or multiple six figures, okay? Fantastic. Okay, so what we want to do is create a crystal clear picture of what hell island, current situation, looks like versus heaven island, desired situation. And so cashflow dropped and I had to basically put that money back into where we were behind. David Melvin, tell me what I did there. Then three or four, a little bit shorter, and I just kinda roll from three right into four, usually. The first question everybody asks, nobody has a problem asking this, is, OK, well, how much money are you making from your business right now? And that'd be on 600, 800 opt-ins per month per setter. And then you're going to get the prospect's thoughts on the homework, and then you're going to say, okay, great, well, I'm definitely excited to share with you what some of me and the team came up with this past weekend. So, it's how to answer your prospects' questions about your program, not just in this phase of the call, which is where you'll get most of them, but at the end, during objections, during the pitching phase, even sometimes in information gathering, how to answer your prospects' questions about your program. What is not working with your dating life right now? Same thing as projections. Now, if you probe and there's a gray area, like, you know, they'll say it depends on price, okay? We'll get into that in another training. So I'm not digging into everyone's exact financial situation. And it's like they're doing zero to one appointments a week. But by and large, like we don't wanna, this doesn't, shouldn't be this cumbersome, really overcomplicated thing, OK? So, this is kind of what I was saying here. It's going to be something I'm probably going to dig in a little bit more, OK? And what I do here is I state the pillar. So what is the new way then, as we're getting into this? Well, they're spending too much time on the phone. And then we kind of position it differently, knowing that. So we don't want to do this, okay? I don't know how to tell the good from the bad It all comes in this binding and hiring sales reps What's the other problem? So I'm qualifying in a very pertinent way. Hey guys, Cole here, and welcome to this training on the three keys to highly profitable sales pipelines. OK, well, I love that goal. Like 30 days? You just follow up with an open ended probing question. These are really critical to go through, so don't sleep on these. How many dates do you want to be on? I'm moving on. And then, you know, the final scenario is maybe that's all they really want, you know, which is fine. You see a pendulum swing, given that you've earned it, given that you're good, right? So and instead of saying we're going to, like, the way you're going to get support is through group coaching calls, I really like, I tailor the language to make it benefit-rich, right? So I think I bolded it. It's so, or use the scripting that's in this video. If they're not hitting their goals, does it make sense? Like, what happened? I'm one of the top people on our floor I've read sales books, but I haven't done anything past that. That'll tell you a lot of truth about where they're trending. You might get like, Oh, I just want as many as I can get. But then I asked them what their current sales volume was like, and it was non-existent. Is that something you have the bandwidth to implement right now, okay? Gotcha, cool. Now, putting this all together, let's see how curated opportunity fits within our funnels. So if it's opt-ins or group joins, usually you want to be getting those guys within the first seven days. Or what is the biggest challenge in your health and fitness right now? It's the one belief that if they have, all objections become irrelevant, and they buy. So here's what it looks like. Are you creating separation? I try to get my guys up to 15 to 20 sets within their first week, and I know their quality's going to suck. I mean, you know, it's basically referrals. So go through this, you can kind of revamp the language really quick, but what I want to point out is let's pretend for a moment you were to go ahead with something like this, okay? His boss said something to him. I have a quick question. So yesterday I kind of experienced that where it was like, I thought it was a no brainer close. You should be able to tell this easily by just listening to their calls. So, if you're not just talking about it, but you're living it, and it's ingrained into your being, you're gonna be 1,000% more influential. So that is it for this video, and what's upcoming in the next videos. It's a little widening the gap question there. Qualifying? So a lot of times, they're going to play ball with you here, and they're going to be like, oh, there's just no way that I'm going to let that happen. I never give multiple programs. Way better. Perfect. But with that said, that's all I got for this video. Because there's such a higher perceived status delta that has so much more of an influence on us, okay? Oh, no, they were all about the one-call close. They delegate the leads. Okay, so even look at my face. When you asked the question, man, but like the, why not stay where you're at question can be kind of weird, but are you doing it like this way? So this is like 80% of it, guys. I got that one from Eli Wild. It's kind of been at the point where it's like, we're spending 40, 55 hours on sales calls. And then basically- So you notice how I didn't call them two group calls a week. So we ask, what's your biggest challenge right now? Here's another good one, is when you think about a business that no longer has pain, but instead has whatever they want, what number sticks out to you that you'd be pulling in net each month consistently and predictably? Um, I'd say they're most, helpful though. Like, you know, sometimes I have really good months and I think, oh, man, I finally broke through, and then the next month I'm crashing down, and it's just awful. It's pretty simple here, but you, you know, generally you diffuse it first, right? It's like if you don't believe what I believe, something is like, your brain just doesn't even work, okay? Like you have to be good, right? But don't be, like, robotic and scripted, like, think for yourself here, have a normal conversation, okay? I learned a ton from her and it was just amazing being able to see her shift between those and just have some really, really amazing results. It's in the VSL section of the course. So, I have a whole 30-minute training on this. And even beyond that, that was like when I was a child, but then into like teenage years and when I was in college, like she always told my parents and even me, like, I know you're destined to do something great. That being said, guys, that is it for this introductory video. Now, if I look at a lot of the eight-figure companies who are doing amazing things in the space that I've worked with behind the scenes, you guys would know exactly who they are, and a lot of people are out there wondering, well, what is this person doing? Here's what I do now. Hopefully that makes sense. And then you have something to work with here, right? And then if they have no money, like 500 credit score, $800 in the bank, OK, gotcha. We just eliminated it before it happened. So that being said, the curriculum for this week is as follows. And I'm just curious, because I know any big change I've had in my life, there's always been kind of a moment. I know like a lot of scripts are taught like that, but it doesn't work like that. And we actually had this data, but we always would compare and contrast this. And using this formula, we can kind of just create this on the fly, right? And we do that so that you can have logical benefit, which ultimately will allow you to have emotional benefit. A lot of times, I will make the first pillar IP and then make the second and third one common so they understand them. You know, there's a lot of times they'll log in and they'll be like, oh is this just a course and then they just like Oh, this isn't what you know It's just that first couple of days is kind of Emotional sometimes that's just my advice. Truth be told, this is a great example of a call where like this guy has been failing the entire time. Cool, what questions do you have on that? We start to ask a solution based questions. So what I've really done to work best on these calls is first diving deeper into the specifics of your business. So, I think it's fine, especially, like, you know, look, like, is he really gonna, like, he already just said, like, nine times. But when you give him a reason why beforehand and the reason why is framed in their own best interest, it's because you really care, it just lands better. I've kind of said this a few times, but I'm going to reiterate. Or the coach was good. Is she involved in the business? How long have you been following us for? What was lunch? I know you're working a lot, but is that something you're willing to be able to do? So really what we want to do is we want to incorporate the elements and the philosophy behind this more than trying to get any of these formulas perfect, but I do think these formulas will sort of help you understand how I think about delivering these pillars, OK? So tools you'll need, HubSpot or Close. So we're still in feature. I teach this in the training. So I'll ask that a lot of times, especially in B2B offers, done-for-you services. A big thing is being able to make money that you want to. Show me your standards and I'll know your results, okay? Unless it was a real feminine, flowy type of deal, but this is a very young, masculine, 99% confident, we're going for the deposit now. In most cases, it's going to go through this order to where you're going this way, starting with background pain, doubt, financial solution, cost, desire, support. I always say there's two sales in every single sales call. Then you're going to go over all of this at once, all right? And then if you have like $500 courses, auto webinar you're outbounding, they're gonna be through the roof. And finally, the prospect will fight like hell to stay inside their comfort zone. Them saying something like that is pretty rare, but I've had people come to me with this issue. Goals just are what we think about what goals are. How many hours are you working a week right now? What you kind of have to, in a way, I would start to think about this if I was you guys, is, like, when they go back to their spouse, like, based on the information you're going to uncover through the questions I want to give you, if they do have to go back to their spouse, are they going to be able to transfer that conviction onto their spouse, or is their spouse going to shoot it down? So I've already taught you that. Does anybody have any questions so far? And you know you're gonna have this right when as you're pitching or after you pitch, the prospect has this aha moment, or they say something like, oh, that makes total sense, okay? Well, where do I segue into that? Then I start linking it to benefits, and benefit of the benefit. Oh, I tried a Facebook ads person before and it didn't work. So all of this is about teaching you, like, the common pitfalls to watch out for when you're starting a new position, how to get into KPI in two or three weeks. Yeah, okay, well, can I ask you just an honest question? And it's all the way how you're communicating it and your subcommunication, not with the words that you're saying. Also with buyers, the nice thing is because they purchase something from you, it's so much easier to get and hold their attention because there's kind of like a customer service frame going on. Okay, well, what do you think your partner would think? Well, just be honest with me. Boom, done. So nothing's a hard rule here. So, read it over and over again until it literally becomes part of your being, to where like, when you're on a call, you should be able to just look at this, like you should be able to look at like, pitch codecs, so the first thing we're gonna do is get clear on your, and like, boom, it's like, you just, it's like riding a bike. I mean, do you feel like you have like a system in which based on everything that's coming in, you have everything in a dashboard where you can look at it at a 10 second glance and make strategic decisions about your business? Slack channel, Alaware, and your CRM. We're obviously not just going to pitch them immediately. And that is absolutely key if you're going to get this to work. Now, that doesn't mean you shouldn't script it and practice it out beforehand. One's for buyers, one's for free opt-ins. We're gonna give a brief explanation of how those pillars were filled. But we have like that socially acceptable reason. But basically, this is designed to help you create your pitch. You know, so Ray, we got, we got, so that I was wrong earlier when I said that, I thought I had everything I needed. That's just lame. So like I said in the main outcomes, you want to check these eight boxes, establish trust, which is built through asking skill questions, and listening, and so on and so forth, asking questions predicated on what they're saying, to be able to go deeper, and we want to do that as quickly and efficiently as possible, and in most cases, you're going to want to use one of these syntaxes, depending on your prospect, your offer, and your market, okay? So here's the thing guys, like I'm always going to start the call off with what is the biggest challenge in your business right now? So this will help us eliminate uncertainty objections before the close. Sales process breakdown, OK? Are you doing any of that stuff? If it doesn't make sense, dude, but please ask. Repetition is the best way to learn this stuff. Maybe it's agency services. But either way, you got the one-on-one calls, you got the Voxer, all of that stuff. I teach an indirect model and a direct model. And say, look, so I get that, and I agree, and that's totally fine. So one key thing I'll also say about this, I mean, I'm being extremely nitpicky at myself here, guys. So instead of creating doubt, we want to alleviate doubt in this sense. We've done 30 transactions last year. If you get somebody who's more of like a, you see this a lot with people who, you know, they want the laptop lifestyle, they just wanna travel and, you know, oh, I just need, all I need is five grand a month in an online business. Now we'll get way more into that later. And this is not an exhaustive list of all the curated opportunity that comes from the setters, or comes from the VSL funnel. I write out my goals. So, I know some of this you may be covering in the uncertainty based objections, but let's say I come towards the end of the call and it's like time to take the credit card numbers and it could be like a symptom of maybe like my marketing or whatever, but she's like, she's even uncomfortable to like giving me her, her credit card numbers, even if it's for a small deposit. Awesome. So think about some examples here. And it's not even the problem that they have now, it's the problem they're gonna have next. And then once you get that, awesome, man, well, sounds like things are going fairly well for you. So, this was an inbound situation. All right, so it really doesn't take that much time. A big thing is getting out of a job that you hate. But once we're over there and we're actually talking about it and there's some dialogue established, it's really easy to go deep, right? So, I mean, you correct me if I'm wrong. We have a goal. I mean, is there anything else you feel like we haven't covered that you feel like I need to know? And it's using basically solution questions to tee up your cost questions. It depends, right? And it works really, really well. Same thing with a community. So how is that impacting other areas of your business? So all of these questions, like they're strategic, okay? So let's talk about the two emotions you must transfer to prospects on the call, okay? It's just impossible, okay? That just made it seem so much more natural. It's like, okay, so you're basically, by and large, an employee in your own business. Okay, that's good. So we do about, I think it is about 700 opt-ins per month per setter is what we average, okay? So the transition phase is here, and we're gonna do the super basic, which is the one you should be using, and we're gonna do it to book the second call. This is like really what you take notes on, OK? And I think for a lot of beginners and entry-level salespeople, it just was too high level and too kind of vague for them to be able to understand how to properly use it. I have a sales team, but, um, when I did take sales calls, especially for our sales team accelerator offer, I didn't ever do any sort of frame to call type of thing. But this sounds amazing, I definitely want to do it type of thing, okay? That's one of the, going to be the biggest things that's going to contribute to you guys' success is alignment. Like, you're not gonna say that, guys. Just because it is kind of redundant if every time, you're like, so, what questions do you have on that? And on your third, fourth, fifth loop, eventually get the sale. That's how I get to the pain every single time. I'll first explore what it does for the company, and then what it does for them. Then you dig in, and you see that's what they're doing. But I want to challenge you to think that there's actually two current situations and two desired situations. Another thing that really frustrates me is when sales reps, whether they're on a sales team and their owner invested in this forum, or you just got your new sales position, you invested in this for yourself, whatever, you're in this amazing resource and you're not showing up to the calls, role playing, getting thoughts, et cetera, right? Like we haven't really gotten deep in this and seen how it's affected him both personally and professionally. I mean, to be honest, I've been looking into like everything to try and figure it out, you know? We're gonna cover the outbound calling strategy in this video. This metric is more B to B centric. So the two risks here that you have, and I got these specifically from Taylor, is your vision is so big that you don't know how to get there, right? It's just eliminating the DIY objection. You know, I know, look, like I know the full context of the situation, the problem. People who are like very, everything's fine, I just want to see what you do. Pitching it over the phone, it's just it's a little bit harder to explain. You're gonna see me do a biz op offer and then you're gonna see me do a business offer. Or it could be the same as, like, a woman goal you talk about, the partner, whatever. No, I just put like 300k. Yeah, or can we mix it during our call? I have a two simple message script that just books calls like mad. So for this one, I would say, okay, well, suppose like we invited you in. So we can start to ask that as we figure out what their experience was. The next part is not supporting your setters with curated opportunity volumes. It doesn't matter how much NLP you got in there, and how much cost anchoring, and all this stuff, if it sounds scripted, you lose, OK? So as an example, think about a time where you truly did not give a fuck if you made the sale or not. I mean, like, I've taken, like, sales courses on Udemy and, like. Like, you don't want to be like, as soon as they end, you just jump right in. We talked about this, but it throttles your calendar. So that was a little wordy. We talked about that earlier. Oh, dude. But because of this, and because of the fact that we're in the post-trust era, it actually works against you to be somebody who's super, super extroverted and super, super excited. But like, we don't need to ask, well, what's keeping you from figuring it out on your own? I think you just being able to see this and model it and change it for yourself is gonna help you tremendously. 10 conversations a month you have to have with clients? So it's like, you could even use yours or just kind of beef it up. Do you have like a clean sheet of paper, something to take notes with, ready to dive in? We did cover the errors. Well, like in house, like, I always like not only want to help clients and health and fitness, but also, if I can coach you in any other way to show up in your lives in a better and more empowering way, I want to do that too. The other thing is your standards, okay? So the biggest thing is like, let's just talk. So in this example, we're going to go RCA to opt-in Facebook, YouTube does not have tag RCA call booked Facebook, YouTube setter or client. Right, and then we're going back into our questions. So the best way I can describe this is like, you don't want the investment, as in like your prospects, stepping into uncertainty. And what's going to happen is you're going to kind of mold it to fit your own sort of dialect and how you talk naturally. You know, this is impact work and what way and you can kind of parlay it into that and then start to ask questions around temperature checking their finances and their resources. So, we're gonna talk about the three tells. There's a lot of pride associated with guys who struggle with this. And that's the easiest way for your brain to actually internalize it, too, because we learn through imitation. Because the first time you script it out just on your keyboard, the first time you read it out, it's going to sound like shit. And then you say, so next is sales team and scaling. In this sort of system, leads are classified in two different ways. It's the hardest objections to handle in the first place, okay, but it's even harder to handle them after the price drop. But basically, first we want to have a full understanding of the problem, okay? But other people were doing low-ticket, they were charging $40 an hour, and I got to sell them on high-tickets the way. They'll give you a story, all right? You might do everything right. Um, and so, uh, that's like, whenever that happens, like that's your perfect segue into family and spouse, you know, and also time is your perfect segue into family and spouse as well. But opposed to focusing on fancy names, what we wanna do is create a three to five step process or thesis that explains the path of success to our market. Okay, now this one's optional, like obviously in this case, I don't, you know, if the guy's doing 250 grand a month and wants to get to 500 grand a month, I'm not gonna qualify him financially, I mean, he's doing multiple millions in his business, we don't need to see if he has money, okay? So we can create, like, you know, and that's an obvious, you know, something's going on there, right? We stretched time. So think of these beliefs like a checklist, and if we check the boxes off before we transition into the close, chances are the prospect's going to buy. One, they were both different. If you're not doing this, I will, I'll roast you. So, and then we want to try to pin them down on a bigger goal and a shorter timeframe that happens to be the timeframe of our program. So I kind of, people are being so used to being led by me at this point that they'll be like, no, man, don't get any questions. So you'll see how that's done. And then I, you know, it's just tough. So, um, I guess the best place to start is, you know, what right now, at least kind of in your career and getting into remote closing, what would you say is your biggest challenge or like, what's the biggest thing you're looking for help with potentially? So knowing that to be true, then how do you think you're going to emphasize your solution a little bit differently? Not offer to close, call to close. And then just like feeling like I have some sort of say over like my time and my schedule and like, kind of being my own boss, so to speak. I mean, it stresses her out when we have, she doesn't know what we're doing. 65, 70. So as always here, you're not going to ask every single one of these questions. Like, I do it in the webinars, the VSLs. I do this stuff all the time, and all the best marketers and salespeople do this stuff, too. Zero, right? So those are the three sort of tonalities that we can have at any one time when we're speaking, period, whether that's on a sales call or whatever. Yeah, obviously this is a coaching program. Like, you should own that thing, OK? I want to find the problem. And this is also, solution questions are usually the best segue in the cost questions. You know, probably in a perfect world, I would have done this wholesale on the method, and then kind of intertwined with this, probably in the why section, I would have dropped my own personal story, okay? I'm like 99% confident. Would you agree with that? Just like the income, like I'm in sales right now, but like the commissions and everything, it's like very tapped and I have to be in an office and things like that. So this is about how to cultivate the right things inside yourself internally and show up with the right mindset onto the coals every single day. It's where it's key. I can dive into that. Chunking it down into how many people did you speak with last week? And then I love that framing, like, and the reason I ask this question, right, we're doing permission, reason why question here. All right, and earlier you said the biggest challenge in your business right now is the marketing, right? And the reason why this is so important is that what we wanna avoid is one bad call turning into two bad calls, or two bad calls into a bad day of calls, bad day into a bad week, bad week into a bad month, et cetera, right? We got to just hold them accountable to that. So we're gonna cover how to pitch as well as the committing phase. Usually the problem is that we kind of like run into on our sales calls is it's kind of like a weird transition. Obviously, this is not like a yes or no. It sounds like, I mean, dude, can I ask you a personal question? Do you guys know? I practiced what I preached. What's the biggest thing you're looking to help with? So the salesperson responds, good question. Welcome to this video on curated opportunity streams, which is the key to your setting and your outbound team's success. We'll go into a lot of this in weeks three and four, but the first one is, you know, we're going to take clear leadership at the beginning of the call, right? We have, you know, let's say it's a financial one. You want to make sure you choose this open contact page option so that you're always opening the contacts page when you get to them. That's like what we want, okay? Like there's some sort of rapport disconnect there. It has to just be more natural. So, it's a little bit different. You know, if I hear something like that, I want to dig a little bit deeper into what's going on with the money situation if it already presents itself. Is it just 10k here? A lot of times, when you get really good as a sales rep, it's more about minimizing your downside opposed to maximizing your upside, okay? And so, we're gonna start here, right? So basically out of 14 calls, you only closed two. Write out one through four. Pretty simple. Welcome to this training. Well, and of course, if you want to know what it's like working deeper with us, you can kind of give you a walkthrough there. If it checks out at that point, they don't have it. Now you're at $10,000 a month. But before we get into actually how to do that, the more social proof we have, the larger our status delta is going to become. He lacks love and connection because his wife and family are distressed because of the income and they're putting pressure on him to figure it out and get a job, right? You're getting permission twice. It does seem like I have a guess, but I don't have a guess. So her name is Amanda. That's our desire. And was it somebody that like, it was even qualified, had sales experience. Our leading indicators are our inputs. And then I'm going to say, but now you're finally reaching out to do something about it. It's just the only thing that's keeping me from doing that. Everybody loves stories. So, for instance, most of the market trips up on X, Y, and Z mistake. That one doesn't make any sense, but when you say you're looking for a guarantee, what do you mean exactly? These ones are super duper simple, almost common sense. Short training. Like, when you said your biggest challenge was lead generation, what is not working with that specifically, okay? Because once you understand this, you really get a high degree of behavioral flexibility on your sales calls, which is what I put here. Okay, so this is about cultivating the right mindset which is the right identity, the right beliefs, values, all the things that you need inside of you, the energy to be able to have what you need internally to be able to transfer that to other people to get them to take empowering action. You know, to be honest, I think I could like, do better than this. Then what chance of success do you feel like you have? And he was like, damn, that's spot on, but it still didn't close. That's probably not true on a pure definition standpoint, but just to simplify here, think of it as the same thing for now. Welcome to week five, Objections. 100% refundable. Just bolded them. So it's like you're not going to get as a deep of a reason with those people because they're more towards oriented than away from Oregon. And it's like, okay, I'm probably working 20% on my business but right now I'm working 80%. And guys, I know this week has been kind of high level and philosophical, and it's very, there's not practical things to do or say, right? At this point, usually when you ask this, you'll be able to tell, all right? And what we're gonna talk about is really the new way of selling high ticket and how to pitch your product and services in a way that absolutely sells, okay? They learn from the best, and therefore, they became the best. So we don't want to be like, like, you're wrong, right? These are need payoff questions, okay? He just said he doesn't even know what to do. So some of this will be a little bit redundant. First, how would that impact the company? I'll use my language again. And I really had actually hedged more than that. I just riffed that off right off the cuff and, um, you know, it was loosely, I guess, scripted. After that, we're gonna go into two syntaxes, okay? Honestly, man, I just, to be really specific, I mean, I got a good answer for you. And a lot of the $200,000 to $400,000 revenue monthly producers out there, sales reps, are in this group. All right, man. It was all extrinsic motivation. OK, so total, that's about $10,000 a month across the past three months on average. I've tried this, this, this, and this. And then some other stuff that I would listen to as well is I always would be intaking good information in terms of sales, right? The more they're going to feel the tension and want to resolve it, okay? I mean, I just tied down, script it. So what I would have done is again, I'll write it over here. And I just, you know, it doesn't matter to me if I get there in six months. Now, all of that being said, when you go out and you're on the call, all right, the prospect picks up the phone, they say, hello, you should be out of your head, and you should prioritize listening and focusing on the prospect over your script, okay? Certain clients, depending on their financial situation, we break it up. So the real key to this is being able to actually vet the reps on the front end and only hire the ones that have the highest probability to succeed. Because I'm telling you, there's so many people out there that will tout, oh, man, I'm doing $30,000 a month. I would just hammer him, you know, at the end. Take that onto a call, role-play with me, role-play with other people in the program and drill it so we can really cement it in, okay? There's a portion where we're going to be talking and really painting a picture of their heaven island and their desired situation. It's almost like if you're a visual person, it's like painful to talk to a kinesthetic. So I will throw in these other questions here. What are you trying to do right now to actually vet, hire and recruit some potential candidates to take over for you? And that's not necessarily bad, okay? You need that degree of resolve. So write on your paper, on your paper, write out one through four. Why are they so good? So it's really key. Or is it just solopreneur, solo guy, or what's going on? He's getting awards, other real estate agents at the brokerage are asking him what he's doing and it's giving him this feeling of significance. So I said, can I ask you a personal question? You're gonna actually see me skip what I just told you to do, and go right to the transition. So, are your prospects, are you the prospect who you want to attract, right? And to be honest, most of what you're learning here, like all of this stuff, guys, is stuff that I literally just made up and innovated because the pressure of the culture I was in was so high. So then you probably need to go into willingness, but you don't need to, like, you know, super, super vet on finances. He had complete resolve that he was gonna achieve that. And the guys who have some sales savvy, they're going to be like, dude, that was good. I hit the scripting perfectly. And then there's a bonus here. Other closers who are really good will hop in, I'll hop in. Welcome to the first video in the Seven Figure Selling Academy 2.0. This is going to be the boring stuff, guys. For anybody I put on this calendar? Then the final thing, the final key to a fat sales pipeline that is highly profitable is the right leadership follow-up strategies. Upward Inflecting Tonality. Right, again, that's a good one to pre-frame with permission. I remember like I reframed it. I could have paused and he probably would have filled the space and went deeper without me even saying anything. Okay, great, so I took him through, took a deposit at the end of the call, he checked out with his partner, just let him know what they were doing, scheduled an appointment in 48 hours, and they enrolled. You know, it comes naturally. It's like a 12-hour training. I mean, it's like several an hour, right? And it's not the end of the world. In a perfect world, those syntaxes, problem-first syntax and goals-first syntax, show you a very practical way of executing the seven beliefs, executing all of these parts in a way that builds on top of each other, in a way that's very logical, linear, and just makes sense. And, you know, they'll be like, oh, no, that makes total sense, that sounds great, awesome. 28 seconds. The investment. And to simply explain how that's delivered in a way that doesn't get them too in the weeds, doesn't raise objections, so on and so forth, that's delivery, OK? And so like, I'm younger in life right now. Was there anything you didn't like? But like, you know, there's gotta be a bigger driving force inside of you because you haven't quit yet. What I've found is if you're underperforming this ratio, let's say you have three setters, six closers, you're usually leaving way too much opportunity on the board. So we want to create our bridge and really destroy all the other bridges, that's part of what the buying pocket is. That's why we booked a call. Let's say your offer is a business offer, you sell doctors or something. That gives you the freedom to totally get in the zone on the call and just show up with like an absolute utter conviction that you can dominate for that person. So, it weights the scale towards 10. So now we have an overview on all of the set of processes. No. There's different ways we can re-engage old leads. That's how I was with all of the offers I've sold in the past. So it's like, now I know, like just with that, like, that's enough to be like if somebody got squirrely at the end, I could be like, well, look like earlier on the call, you told me basically insert everything I just said. So it's kind of like, we're not just pitching, we're also educating them on their problem, why what they tried in the past didn't work, and how this is going to be different. Now, to add in here, we wanna install the emotional beliefs, right, pain, doubt, cost, desire, that they have a problem that's keeping them from achieving a goal, but they don't know how to fix that problem, that costing, or that problem is costing them more than the actions, the time, and the money, and the resources necessary to fix the problem, and that fixing the problem would have a compelling payoff and a compelling emotional future. Which, by the way, again, I'll say it again. You could automate this, just you got to make sure it comes from a native-looking number. First, there's the general probing questions. But use their own language, not just, don't tell them that, verbatim, OK? So let's say, you know, the guy's generating leads, but it's like, you know, let's say you do Facebook advertising and his main problem is that one month everything's great and, you know, he's getting 4X ROAS and then the next month, you know, either you either get shut down or it goes break even and it's just up and down and up and down. Like, that's such a, you know, sales resistance bullshit question. This will actually really help you prevent ruts in the first place, so always be doing this, but find your baseline. And I really wanna emphasize the fact that you could master everything else in this course, but this type of stuff is what really allows you to have the killer delivery, okay? So, offer, price point, ideal client, you know, what does the sales process look like A to Z? So I always use this all the time. And then you tie it down. That was a good question. We kind of talked about this, and the reason for that is that your inputs dictate your outputs. How many, how many do you guys, you're married. Cause that's, what's going to happen if that's why those, those deals get killed. But name, email, phone number is optional. That vibe needs to come off on your calls, and if you can listen to my calls, my sales calls, you can tell there's a weight and there's a heaviness behind what I say, okay? 28 seconds rapport, and that was a pretty good rapport, okay? So the next one, we're gonna cover a slight adjustment for the to-call close. Um, so one of the things that I've kind of encountered recently as far as just going a little bit deeper is a, like a real aversion to admitting that there's a problem, right? What up, guys? So you're going to get questions for each of the seven in this section, OK? Don't feel the need to tell them every single little detail about your program. And then also, our two setter calls in the 7FSA group that are two hours long. So it's like, this is the best one. You know, it's just like, come on, dude. The other reason is that maybe they put something on the application form and you're not gonna ask that on the call because you already know it and you've read it in the application so you're not gonna bring that up. So Friday to yesterday, and then again, we're going to add the same filters as before. How long? What we found is you're going to need to put in at least five extra hours a week in fixing this problem. I would've never created it because I would've never had to. But the main thing is to place all of your attention and your energy onto the prospect and to their words. Because I was saying how we keep ourselves from falling into a rut is we wanna manage those four things. I said, okay, well, right now, pause, which is a pattern interrupt, getting them back into the present moment, engaging them. How does the leadership structure of your company work? That's where you state how you actually deliver this thing. If, if there's no, and this, there's a quite a bit of mention of wife in this call, right? But the chances are, even if they say, oh, I guess I'd be in the same spot, if you do these two things, you're going to bump them right back into the pocket. As Cole here, welcome to week two, sales philosophy and inner game, okay? It's staying consistent. We'll talk a lot about this next week, but, or not next week, but next training. The video after this is gonna go over what's called the committing phase. You don't want to like that, right? A challenge in regards to like what your business. So hopefully that makes sense, and we can kind of revisit that in a second. Right, the first problem you have, you're not going to throw in the towel and jeopardize our client's success rate. And let's say you usually do 40. Or is that something you'd probably be looking to model from our systems and our processes? What are you trying currently? So there's call to close and there's offer to close. They allocate four to five times, you know, is that something you have the bandwidth to be able to do right now? And I'm telling you, keep doing this with all of the questions. So it wasn't like a one-off, right? So some more on why we set projections in addition to goals, we set both. First of all, all of those need payoff questions I showed you earlier, all of those will actually work here. So you're not asking necessarily for permission, you're just letting her know. Sales team stuff, how to structure your sales team, how to scale sales teams, we work with probably at this point almost 40 sales teams who are in seven, multiple seven or even eight figures. Oh, no, I'm not willing to. Now, if you have a coaching consulting offer, this is also a good process to default to when you have multiple decision-makers on the call. But the biggest myth in communication is that it's actually happening. Okay just double checking on that one. You know, just use stuff like that. So does this tough position or does this put you in a tough position given you have two kids, you got a wife, you got a business to run? But as you'll see, um, he does, like, I literally just asked this question. So, I don't know, dude. They're always going to say yeah. But basically, it's pretty simple, okay? And then you can dig into, well, you know, what happened that made you decide that that's not how you want to run your business for the next five years and just kind of cut straight to it with them because it's kind of obvious that they don't want it to be that way. And I'm usually doing this somewhere like after, after some of the solution questions, somewhere in there. Just suppose that we did. So it goes something like this. And then with this, with especially with the 80, 20 and like how many hours working in the business versus on the business, you wanna do a need payoff question, right? See, now, like, we don't even have to deal with that. It's like, I feel like the other stuff, it was good, but it was just so tactical. So I wanna talk here about how we set projections and you got this document in week one, module one, I believe. I was like, no, that's not what this was for. So we were just temping the offer here and like, you know, the problem he mentioned first is like not being able to scale and being bottlenecked in the business. The vehicle. Or maybe they're just handling some logistics or negotiating a payment plan, you know, negotiating timing, something like that. Why do you want to do that? And this, right away, will eliminate them saying, oh, well, I just don't have time to implement all this stuff at the end, okay? And this is a necessity question. It is so, so key. Why would you have changed that? You know, it was just, it was engaging. Like what has you keep it on, keep it on? Um, how much of that, so is that net take home or how much are you actually paying yourself out of that? There's why now, and there's cost and consequence. But, you know, you're kind of getting this from setting that data point and then going deeper, if that makes sense. But still, fear, doubt, and suspicion might get in the way. I'll go ahead and put it after this video, probably, if not, it's gonna be in the bonus section. Don't ask me why. So specifically, we're going to cover the three parts of the Pitch Codex and really how to construct each part for your specific offer, OK? 25K a month is your goal. What has you keep it on, keep it on? Because what usually happens is a new setter will be too worried about putting an unqualified lead on the calendar, and that puts them in their head, and when they're in their head, they're dead. Who do you think is going to have more depth in their expression, right? But our goal is 13. Everything else would fall in place. Okay, this is all stuff that we wanna like plot down and plan ahead of time in the month what we're gonna do each month, and also week by week by week. Because at this point in the call, I'll tell you what, man, a lot of, you got to use exactly, specifically, precisely, because people will freaking, they'll not tell you exactly how they feel. All these people are ready to get on a call anyways. Kind of a last resort, you know, to get some idea of where they're at. So it's like some, you know, older woman, she's a hundred pounds of her weight. There's two different ways we can do it. Now, look at like the level of apprehension, I'm almost like leaning away from the camera, my eyebrows are lifted, I'm kind of like overly critical about overthinking what I'm saying a lot, I'm not fully, am I talking even how I'm talking now? We're just gonna delete it. You said you did four last month, three the month before, seven the month before, out of 14, how many of those leads were like quality people, like the perfect prospect that you wanted to work with? So there should feel like a heaviness in the communication, like every word this guy is saying comes from 10,000 hours of experience, okay? Pretty cool stuff. So in cases like that, what we want to do instead is establish what they want and what's keeping them from getting it. This is the triad from Tony Robbins, physiology, language, and focus. It's going to feel new. I think sometimes it's actually preferred and can be totally appropriate depending on your market sophistication, but you got to understand that like you don't want your sales conversation to be totally predicated on external pressure. Now, if you were triaging an inbound lead and you already have the application or something like that, like this is not going to apply to you because then if you're triaging an inbound lead that they already want to talk to the salesperson, it's just a matter of like you're just qualifying to make sure it's worth their time. And we'll go over the scripts for this later. But they also start to elicit a little bit of desire. Dan's in charge of marketing and sales. Here's some next steps in terms of kind of how to apply this training and assess yourself on how you're doing with this so far. So again, like let me know guys if this doesn't make sense, but you should sell the console first, qualify second, okay? What is, you know, oh man, it just made me feel secure. It's been, it's kind of like a clientele adjacent. So this solves future problems here, right? And you can really just become a master at asking questions, at executing the information gathering phase using Socratic dialogue, using what you're going to learn this week. And that's why this was created in this way. So just to clarify here, when I say women who are able to step into their masculine, the reason I say that is because business is about solving problems and if we know that to be true, then sales is the demonstration we can solve a problem for somebody else. So I'm just trying to make sure, you know, if we were to invite you in, you'd be able to get amazing results with us. What if what you're doing now doesn't work? And that's going to let me know, these are the things I need to emphasize and include in my solution. So you see 41 for 13 closes, we have 31% offer to close, okay? Oh man. Well, how do you feel? And you're, you're on the sales too. When you see it earlier, it makes it real. Then what they're going to do here is they'll likely ask, yeah, man, what's the next steps, or what's the investment? It's like they're jumping off the cliff, right? So when you run into those folks, sometimes you'll ask them a question and this just won't resonate with them and they'll start to talk about their goals. So I got to get both. The next thing is shallow versus depth in your expression. So this is another way you can use this. But those are long shots, OK? And that's how we create the objectionless closed, where instead of having to hard close the prospect, the prospect's closing themselves, okay? I also think the best thing for you is to hop in if it's gonna like, you know, put you on the street and you can't buy food. You get paid pretty much immediately. And they're like, oh yeah, that makes sense. So that's a good kind of thing you can play around with. The email and SMS replies that I mentioned up here, that'll be in a different section of the training under email and SMS, okay? What do you mean? Now, if you were selling a $500 course through a webinar and you're outbounding those guys, that's a different story. And again, if it's affecting your state negatively, then what is that gonna do to your influence? And I realize, I'm aware enough to know, that I just essentially went a long-ass time, okay, talking. But let's say they make 100 a day. And you can start working on your business and not in your business. So with that said, hopefully this training makes sense, and we'll see you in the next training. What's going to happen if nothing changes the urgency that just comes up naturally or you just ask like what's going to happen if nothing changes. Our first question, we want to be really, really broad. And eventually, it's gonna erode it and destroy it. We really gotten it. So I left, didn't want to fix what wasn't broken. Hopefully that makes sense guys. Like the moment once we get to like, why now cost and like the personal good stuff, we've got the gold. Do you see what I did there? You could get a good answer, but dude, like when you ask it like this, man, it's, it's, you'll never get a weird answer. Well, what are they using to generate these right now? So can you just watch the last one? And again, the first two pillars, I'm gonna go a little bit longer. We always handle uncertainty-based objections. OK, well, obviously, the real question is, why don't you think you did, though? The next thing is I do breathwork and meditation. So last month, you know, you feel like you really need to have like 10 to 15 people to speak with in terms of new potential recruits each month, but you had zero. What does this give him on an emotional level? All right, so again, call, they don't answer, set the phone down, immediately call again, double-dial. So I actually preemptively say that, or is that pretty much the exact reason that you're on the call? And you could prepare materials if you wanted to. But what we're looking for is the following information, the following data. So there's, there's a dip there too. That little objection, it actually would've been mitigated by like really getting this down, you know? He's going to be like, this guy can kind of tell that, you know, he can tell I have no money. So then I go over all of these ratings. But hopefully that makes sense. So I was just kind of working through this stuff. And the only way to create funnels is through ClickFunnels. So I'd want to like get the go ahead from her. He's making less than the average person in the brokerage which is diminishing his feeling of significance. We're also, one of the biggest things in building your conviction muscle is honoring and doing what you see to yourself. We found that in this order, if you're running the group funnel, group joins are best. So, we'll go to strategy five. Here's why I believe compared to Amazon FDA, drop shipping, buying businesses, boom. How long has this been going on asset every single time? For weight loss, it could also be, you know, what amount of, really, with weight loss, it's always going to be how much do you want to weigh specifically, okay? Yep, cool. You would honestly probably slow it down way slower than I did. So I might remind them of that a few times. I work for Pinterest. Like, we see after 48, 72 hours, non-buyer leads become a little bit, you know, they're almost gone in that sense. Oftentimes this is linking it to another area of their life, personally, professionally and so on and so forth. So it's like, you should say this. So, for instance, if they want to make $2K a month in their agency, that's their goal, and your program's $10K, to them, it's like, okay, well, I've got to spend five months to pay off the program. So, you know, even if like the advertising agency you just took on starts to be able to, you know, whatever, I'm trying to, I don't know if that'd be a good one, but you kind of got to have, cause what's really going to sell in that sense is if they are trying something like they hired somebody else to fix the main problem, like last week where you can really stand out is by helping them identify future anticipated problems and seeing if they have a solution or a process to be able to solve that if they were able to get to that. So what do we do then when we get in a rut? So I think it's important for you to understand how your business owner is going to be evaluating you, okay, because there's two ways they're gonna assess you. So you only made $6,000 for the past three months? So we go into some, you basically get a questions library of all of these different powerful questions I've learned over the years based on the seven beliefs the prospect needs to have to buy, OK? I feel you. What's your billing address? And then I just like pay it off every month. That's right. The other thing is like chunking it down, asking really, really good skilled questions about what's going on with that company, what they're doing, how they're doing it. I can walk you through the process pretty much A to Z if you would like, but you tell me where you wanna go. So that's an outcome that you wanted. Well, have they hired any agencies in the past? For buyers, we call trailing 15. So first, three mechanisms of social conditioning and idea receptiveness. Anything that kind of struck a nerve? We can chunk down, or we can use stories to stretch the gap. And then we always follow that up with, is there any other reason it's important that you want to transition out and don't want to stay where you're at? What's not working right now, okay? So, I think there's probably a little bit of part of me that's like, is anything ever like really gonna change? And we're gonna talk about how to do that in this example to come here. Now, a little bit of backstory. Well, I agree with you, man, but why now, though? Like you just know there's no way they're making the decision on this first call and you want a two-call. And in terms of bandwidth, some of the frameworks you guys are gonna talk about will require about four to five hours a week to implement. They at least somewhat view you as the authority. Man, does this show up in any other way for you? Obviously don't want you to get a divorce over this. We at least have to do that. You're gonna have one-on-one access to me through Voxer and get immediate help anytime you need it, as well as the option to book a one-on-one call whenever you need. What would that do for you exactly? He's in sales right now. And it should be the same for you. Because the biggest thing when people implement this training is, they'll go through the training and they're like, okay, I totally see how Cole's training is like way better than what I was doing, okay? OK, so that's clear. So again, I cannot stress this enough. Why do group joins? Now again, we'll probably add some trainings later in the course that kinda go over the technical setup of Alaware and the workflow and the cadence and et cetera. And when I say reps, by the way, I mean like your opportunity volume and how many calls that you're taking. This is like sales 101. It gives him significance because now he's one of the top people in his brokerage and his peers look up to him. Again, like imagine if you went to a doctor's office and it's like, you come in, he has a process in which he's going to determine exactly what is the shortest and fastest and most efficient way to get you not sick. If you have buyers, maybe a little bit higher. How to identify you're in a rut, how to break it, and also reset to baseline, which is where you need to be, okay? I have two or three reps in place. Reverse selling, it's like you really don't even know what that is. We're also going to use our skilled questions to demonstrate that we are listening to the prospect. So this is what you do. Is skill development, okay? I just spend all day working with the clients. But like the first thing is like, usually they don't have an offer. I'll connect you with. One of my friends, Brad Newman, he taught me that, or he brought up to me when we were talking one time that the biggest myth in communication is that it's actually happening, right? For you. Listening to your past wins. This is where we eliminate objections before the close, and this is where the saying comes from, how you start the call is likely how you're gonna end the call. A lot of people don't like that, but what's your billing address has made me millions. So I'll future pace, and then I'll ask if they have a process to solve the very next problem that they would have had if they would have fixed this problem, which again, they're not going to have a process for that usually. So what is that for you? Now, I don't even, I mean, I have closed 100% for this program, but I would never hedge myself on closing 100%, that's not hedging at all, okay? It's kind of a personal question, like monthly or annually? I am out. And he's like, OK, wow, that's exactly what I need. So you see, I mean, so I'm this, again, permission, reason why question. What are you closing on now? Just because it's really not a good use of time. And some reasons why we do this, like the key elements to this. Part of that is because it was literally brand new, wrote it right before this call, it does take time and just a little bit of repetitions, two weeks on a brand new offer, brand new pitch just to dial it in. And then we have them qualify that answer. So once we get clear on, we isolated the problem, we got clear on why the problem was the problem and why they can't fix it on their own, which is doubt, and maybe we've touched on these two different bases, then we're gonna move on to eliciting cost, okay? There's just probably an inaccurate timeline, which we'll talk about later. You have to be relaxed, grounded, and not second guessing and judging your expression, okay? I would say even certain answer, and certain tonality, all right? So, just to zoom out at a high level again, what likely is gonna happen, how you end up on a triage call in the first place, is you're either setting the triage from an outbound call or you're gonna be setting it from messenger. So that benefit, you don't have to take any of the calls yourself anymore and you can start working on the business, not in the business. The only exception to this is if it's a higher ticket price. Like, you know what your name is. Um, I would just go through exactly what I teach you guys in like, you might throw in a, like, well, you know, I know earlier in the call, you said your spouse is really supportive of the actual change that we're trying to make, which is what our conversation is about. So let's go to the next one. I think he got it from somebody else. So you can see when I go to this part, I'm diffusing a little bit of the pressure, diffusing energy. We talked about the inner game of sales, which is mindset, and also, this training was on the keys to high performance, so what's next is gonna be what's called the pitch codex system, all right? So out of those four, how many, and you want to kind of establish their ideal client, their dream client beforehand. And then generating appointments is gonna be in week six, prospecting in week seven, follow-up, okay? So everything's all customized. And what that's going to do is it's going to create a lot of internal pressure, because they're going to feel like they're doing things for their own reasons, opposed to external pressure where they're feeling cornered or like we're pressuring them into doing something, okay? I mean, do you feel like you have a process in which you can call on and really just pull the lever to get new potential qualified candidates coming into your pipeline at will? Well, let's pretend you had that conversation already. And it just goes up as we spend more traffic. It doesn't sound scripted though, which is key. There's a reason for it. So we wanna do that as well. And then you can even tack this one on if you want, and this is like the best redirect I've ever found. Would it have an impact on you? So let me break this down here. It gives you a total new sense of clarity once you get this down in terms of how to communicate your products and services. I'm not saying that explicitly, but that is my tonality, and where I'm coming across, okay? Okay, so that was rapport, guys. I put this after the pillars, because I feel like it's easier once you know how many pillars you got. And let's say, for instance, you do what I tell you to do, and you start chunking down. It is structured to where it's pain, doubt, cost, desire, money, support, trust, right? I mean, it's pretty simple. We're also going to talk about increasing open rates for Facebook group joins. Listening to calls where you enrolled the prospect. If you watch Leonardo DiCaprio in a movie, he's amazing, but he's totally scripted. So this is like our proprietary method. The other thing as well, dude, it's like a great parlay for you is just being like, you know, dude, we just got to see like what your capability is budget wise. And then what are the non-monetary goals, personal goals that that vision, income, and impact is going to allow them to achieve, right? Like a month. I mean, how does that put you in a tough spot given you have to support a family of four? So why you, you know, everybody knows that, but what's important to about you, where's your perspective? Um, I mean, that makes sense too, man. I would have sold them on the method, and I might have even peppered in that story I just did. There's just no urgency. The big mistake here is people don't do any tie downs at all. And then we're gonna create your pitch and then I'm gonna give you an example of what it should look like, okay? Now, this is slightly better than this here. How many out of those four were those types of clients specifically? So use these formulas. He doesn't have a team to help out. So it's like prospect one, prospect two, prospect three. It's gonna be perfect in terms of what you're bringing up here. Easy to understand. In those two months, I went into a huge rut, okay? It could be two links, it could be 10 links, doesn't matter. When that happens, you want to narrow it down to fear. Okay, you're doing 60 hours a week. I would use the second framework, okay? So this is a quick note on utilizing Facebook groups with a VSL. Now this is the whole premise of, it's not the whole premise, but it's a lot of what we teach in weeks three and four. What do we want? Like I've gotten on these calls with like guys that like do e-commerce stuff and Amazon stuff and like, obviously there's something, you know? Because I believe that, you know, if I had a clear offer, I would know how to market myself. I mean, if they're at five grand a month, they have two kids and wife, then that's probably not that great, right? If not, I got some thoughts. So if you're watching this at 2x speed, which a lot of the videos I do recommend just powering through them 2x speed, you might wanna watch this one at 1x because the call is gonna be at one and a half. They wanna buy, but they just don't wanna be let down again, and they don't have that logical justification, that logical reason why this is gonna be different from everything else they tried in the past. What this does is it really gets people associated with, like, not just their why, but also the person they wanna be and their purpose, okay? So, I was a little bit surprised that towards the end this, this came up, but you know, like you usually say, it could be like other stuff that may have happened prior, either maybe in my marketing or during the call or whatever, but she's like, it's a thing that I have that I have like this fear of giving my credit card over the phone because like stuff happened before. I know this is so subtle, but how's it going kind of puts them into a pattern. Obviously you can only take so many sales calls in a day. So if you read this word for word from a script, and it's clunky, and it doesn't sound good, it's not gonna work, okay? Auditories like me, I'm pretty balanced here. It's because they don't have the reasons to push through when they run into those bottlenecks and those challenges. Like, it looks good, but they don't have any money. Not that, OK? Now, short from kid hit by the bus, will you let me know if anything comes up prior to where you can't make that or have to reschedule? At the end of your day, as we were mentioning before, you're going to clear whatever's left in this PowerDialer if there is anything. Like I'm not going through a script, but I'm really engaged in a conversation myself. This eliminates those, okay? So, one of the things that I've kind of run into a couple of times as far as like chunking down, and especially in pain, right? When you get clear on these, it creates separation, okay? So two scenarios, non-buyer leads, buyer leads. If you ask them, how do you feel about the offer, don't say that, but how do you even feel about the process, or, you know, how do you feel about what I've gone over with you so far today? And it's important to understand if you look at most great closers, while they certainly can handle objections, most of their closes are objectionless. If you went through the pitch codex, and I gave you those formulas, now, did I really use one of those formulas here? So I don't know if you have like just quick, like five minutes, but that's something I can get you. What if they respond to that with just like, well, we're a startup, so we want to start small, but we do have some access to money. So if you're a sales rep going through this, man, I just really hope you take this to heart, you implement it, and you drill it relentlessly to where it becomes a part of your being. So it's a three-part process. logically like you did. No, definitely. So for a lot of offers, especially the one I see this in all the time is personal trainers trying to go online. Doing all of that time on sales calls back to back, I know that's producing revenue but it's not allowing you to probably do some of the things you really wanna do for your business and your life, right? Let me check the chat. Whenever we miss our numbers, it's okay, but we also want to diagnose and know why we missed them so we can learn a lesson and implement and not hit it the next time, or we can hit it the next time. Plan tomorrow to day. I know that's a corny example, but it's a good way to think about it. And this is just something I just, after taking so many calls, I just found this is the easiest way to do it. So I just want to let you know, like this is actually very typical of like a biz op offer with especially a young male is, they're not going to be like, you know, giving you this crazy sob story about all of this stuff and why it's so important and the impact and all this. I'm not totally familiar with this, but I do know if you look at all of the philosophers, I think like Galileo and Newton, and all of these guys, in some way, shape, or form, are sort of interconnected, and that some of the most people who had the most influential ideas in the world that still are very talked about today, they were influenced heavily by people who also had ideas like that, and who also's ideas were talked about today. Does that put you in a tough position? So with that being said, that's it for this video, and we'll see you in the next video. Is your training different? I mean, are you satisfied with that? I just don't see the value in it. I'm going to take some notes here based on what I'm doing, what's Brian, the prospect saying on the call. Hopefully I don't laugh trying to do it because it's gonna be so bad. Next one's not double dialing. My wife wanted to kill me cause I was working on Christmas, man. Exactly. Are you following a healthy diet? What have they tried to fix? Yeah, that's sweet, makes sense. So there's basically two reasons, all right? But don't be frustrated because right now I'm not telling you exactly what to say. But we want to very benevolently, you know, okay, so we're doing about two grand a month. So instead of having to wait for the clinic, I can break you out of a rut, which is going to save you a bunch of money, you know? B2B kind of has this vibe of like, do you want the information about the thing or not? I mean, this is what all the, rather they know they're doing it or they're not, when you think about all the great salesperson or salespeople that you look up to or that you know or maybe a guy on your team that's getting amazing results, this is the type of stuff he's able to do, even if he's not conscious of it. You want to say something like, OK, well, and let me preface this all by saying that everything I do for clients is all customized just based on what's best for the client. There's offer acquisition fulfillment That's it Pretty much, you know, and if somebody might come on with this this weird freaking problem. So if you've already been through that training, all this is the same. So after that, typically I'll follow up with just, can I ask you a personal question? Like, that vision's there. It's not necessarily that you do a super advanced thing like this. So it's really 3k a month. And then I go into contrast. I'm not even looking at this as I am on this call. We'll talk more about that later in this week. So we can use that, we can write that down, and then have that at the end of the call to hold people accountable for, okay? But obviously if you're willing to stay, if things don't work out for you as fast as you want to within 90 days, but you're willing to keep putting in the work and sticking with it, we're going to put in the work with you too. I love that question. Like, I mean, tell me about like, what's the goal, why is this important, the revenue goals, like if you have any personal goals, maybe like long-term also, like five to 10 years. So sometimes you will get that, like no questions, right? That is a pain question. I want as many as you can. What's great is most people find that just the feedback from that call breakdown alone, that initial one, usually gets them closing on at least an additional deal or two a week, just from that first call review breakdown. Now, you could do this very free flow, but what I've found is that there's two primary syntaxes that almost apply for any prospect, any situation, whatever, and it's goals-first syntax and problems-first syntax. So you know how earlier on the call you mentioned that you're dealing with a lot of objections at the end of the calls, and it's kind of making you feel like you've got to be super high pressure to close prospects who would otherwise be your perfect client? You'll gravitate towards certain ones. So if we know that to be true, that business is about solving problems because ultimately that means you're to create value and make money, then sales is really just a demonstration you could solve a problem for somebody else. What we got to do, and I know this is why you put this call is recruit themselves, or else replace yourself from sales so that 30 to 45 hours a week, you're spending on the phone. And I don't think he made that up. Almost as if it's like so painfully obvious that the idea being discussed should be to accept it as true to where if you don't accept it, something is wrong with you, okay? I mean, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm that's gross. So I'm not gonna produce a training on how to set Allaware up on the technical side or proper tagging or whatever. If you wanted to, like it's like we got to, we got to break this person inspire this person and break them out of like their, their fear, or whatever it is. Now, kind of how to do that, we're going to talk more when we get into the sales process and the discovery phase of the sales process, and also how to take notes on your sales calls. And it's like, well, dude, your opportunity volume sucks. So transition, look, so I feel like we covered a lot of ground here. Or another question you can ask is, how does the leadership structure of your company work? What's the goal that really kind of, you know, it scares you, it makes you nervous, but in your gut, you know it's realistic. I got a little training for you guys. Cool, so with that being said, probably our best place to start is what would you say right now is the biggest challenge in the business, or at least what's not working at the level you truly feel like it could be or that it should? Now, a few key distinctions here. What we're going to cover in this training is exactly what to say when your prospect's goals are too low for your program, okay? And you can do this with both pain and desire, but we want to also elicit how getting what they want would impact one other area of their life. So typically, guys, when you get this right, what's going to happen is you're going to ask, how do you feel? We're out of, I'm not saying they should make 100 days or shouldn't, at least 100. And you're using the timeframe. So they don't think they're investing, let's say, 10K or 15K to get five grand a month. Now, pre-call routine and mindset, what is that? Like, maybe I have a guy who's closing 5%. So with the basic transition, you're going to say, OK, look. The committing phase is all about tying them down on the process, that this is the right thing, now is the right time, money, timing, logistics, everything aside, okay? But this is really, really important guys. Now, after this, we're gonna cover transitioning into the pitch. Every single day, I fill out this, and then I make, well, I make a copy of this, and then I put it in a Google Drive folder, so there's one for every single day. Then three and four are just icing on the cake. Like we've been in business for like five years. But anyways, I have my calendar or his calendar open now. And it's just a rollercoaster. But you can see this is where I'm at, right? So you see how I link the first benefit to another benefit, to another benefit, and so on and so forth. How many, if you think about like the perfect client who have money, they're committed, they understand the importance of marketing, they understand the value of your service. Cause they might harp on lead generation, lead generation, lead generation. And then there's goals first syntax where we establish the goal first, what they want, and then we reverse engineer what's keeping them from getting it. Um, you know, I'd ask, tell me more about that and stuff, but after I got the details and I'm just curious, like how long has this been going on for? And all that stuff, I guess. So it's like, okay, well, ultimately, if you were able to figure that out, what would that do for you? Why not just stick with one of those? They want to be a consultant, whatever. So expect there to be fluctuations kinda like week by week and day by day, but in the macro, which is, I would say, bi-weekly, monthly, and more, in the macro, it's always gonna be you, okay? It's like the one sentence that really sums up what your pitch should be. So this is not really an objection handle. And also, if you don't elicit the problem, they're not going to see you as the trusted authority who can lead them to fixing the problem because you didn't even talk about it in the first place. And that's what I would do if I did mindset. But if you follow the system correctly, you're going to have the following curated opportunity that hits those three qualities that we talked about. Okay, so for the next eight weeks, we're gonna work together, we're gonna have one, one, one, one-on-one call a week, and here's the benefits of that. So, that's asking short and pointed questions. If they don't say anything, all you say is, awesome, so the only thing left is the investment, are you comfortable moving for, or are you comfortable going over that at this point? So you can position your solution correctly and it helps you see if you're talking to somebody else. Or if it's a weight loss offer, how much do you weigh right now? You know, and I'm sure it would help my wife feel a lot better about things too. So I was terrible when I started and ultimately what it really takes to get good is three things. And I added this here, the context determines authority, right? Maybe that first step's the application, second step's to book a call. You know, I have had somebody like this. Which is good, because like, humor kind of breaks the tension a little bit at this point in the call. This is a pain question, not a solution question. How was the result supposed to be delivered? So, hard are more tangible and they make the prospects more certain, okay? You're gonna learn it word-for-word, and believe me, this stuff works. So once we get to here, this is the next thing we're going to work on. And then he sets him for somebody else, he closes, okay? Do you think two and a half grand a month is enough to do that? It solved a future problem. We also hit, you know, both spouse objection, financial objection, pitch codex, kind of talked about selling them on the method. You can also do email and Gmail notifications. Oh, I'm at probably a three. I would say, you know, now that I think about it, probably 5%. So just to give you a quick context, in 2018, I was selling an SEO coaching off for making $13,000 a month, not bad, but then switched to a different coaching offer and within 60 days, I was making $40,000 a month. That way they're not calling people who are already booked. So that's, that's what I got to say about that. And obviously, you know, and this is how Brian is actually normally as a person anyways. They say, hey, my biggest challenge is generating leads. Okay, so, pretty simple question there. That's natural And I did at first but not anymore Yeah, well, you've been working with me for a little bit. And just tell me either or here. That's their goal they give you. And you're also going to have to cultivate these two emotions within yourself because we can only influence people externally with what we have internally. Okay, and I'm gonna send you that training on the group stuff, by the way. Um, you know, we don't want to, like, we might have to reframe and correct a prospect who, for instance, let's say, let's say has victim mindset. It's just like, you'll work with me until we do. He's telling himself and in the process of doing so, re-eliciting all of those emotions that are, you know, associated with that moment, which, by the way, are the emotions of change, of decision, right? Like, what you're doing at the level that you want it to be, what does that look like for you specifically? So it's a paradox. And now's the right time, right? You make any suggestion, but you tell me where you want to go. That's the I don't know if this is possible for me Objection that you need to cover anyway for someone who's a newbie. So that's another thing is that we actually go uncertainty, spouse, and then finances is the final one that we'll remove. You'll see in a second, but chunking down will lead to financial questions, okay? Because even if they haven't had any coaches to fix, let's say, their lead generation problems, they might have had other coaches in general and then had a bad experience with that coach. Pete Carroll has all the Seahawks rated. But that's a good segue into this. If anything, you don't wanna go too deep into that because then they're like, oh, it's just pointless. And I would have said, does that make sense? Another example that's kind of a unique one is like, let's say a bus is going 30 miles down the road and a police officer walks down the middle of the road, stands in the middle of the road, and holds his hand up, okay, and it stops the bus and then he talks to the bus driver and he says, you need to take a detour, turn around and go this way and that way you can get on your way, right? I mean, you have absolute certainty with what your name is. I do organizational. And then 10 being, yeah, you know, that sounds like exactly what I need, right? Obviously, it looks a little bit different on mobile. So, I wanna tell you, like, when I tell you 400 a month cash, this is actually in the bank, which is a pretty unreal result, and the reason I'm telling you that is because a big portion of that success was, sure, being a good one-call closer and, sure, being good on the phones, but half of that was from being amazing at long-term follow-up, okay? Then we're gonna go into the high level promise. It means having to go back, you know, it's like, whew, done, you know, so kind of miss that lay up there. What was breakfast? He was an action taker. RCA. Like I want to paint that clear picture of like exactly what's going on. So we wanna just focus on hitting what we control. So I'll give you what you need, and we'll get going. And this works really well. Um, I mean, like, I grew up in a house where, like, I felt like I had everything I needed. It's the explanations and how I relate it to the mistakes the market's making and why those mistakes are problems. This is some of the stuff, guys, I teach my sales guys that I'm telling you. I mean, last week, how many interviews did you have with potential candidates for sales reps? Where do you need help specifically right now? It's not in the stories they tell. Not being born at it. Sales process redesign, that's number two. So, like, a bad example here. So, you'll go through both of these, and you'll be able to kind of determine which one's the right one for you. Um, from understanding what expenses attributed to the 24 K versus 60 K gross. Oh, she's not really involved in the business. 99% confident, see, that's key. I'll say, let me preface this by saying that everything I do is all customized. High ticket. So this is really, really good stuff. I'm going to pause this video and get some water real fast. Well, when you say pulling levers is where you're spending most of the time. We wanna be ruthless about the leading so that we can put ourselves in a good position to hit the lagging, which ultimately, we can't really control. It's a small number, guys. So you're a rock solid concrete with that. Now, compare and contrast this, this one. Are you willing to invest in yourself financially to stop being lonely and not having a girlfriend so that you can ultimately get consistent dates and actually have a woman that you want and choose her from a place of abundance for a dating offer? So I'd want to see, okay, well, what does not being in a relationship right now look like? Kind of chunk that down a little bit pulled out some pain. Their goal is 10 grand a month, okay? That's going to be the first things you're going to do and the order you're going to do them, when we're going to meet, how we're going to meet, all of that stuff. And you're doing that in a way where you're educating them as an authority on why the majority of the marketplace right now is failing, OK? I would make as many as they can, but the math is easier to calculate out if I do 100, okay? Because remember, with the middle-of-day, there's two parts, there's generating appointments and doing appointments, okay? That's the good news It's like there are still apps. I want to overlay pain doubt cost desire money support trust In a way where i'm going to hit all those seven outcomes within 20 minutes And do it succinctly and make sure i'm only using like one to two three questions per outcome So I can get that pretty quickly. I love it. And that's great. Obviously we have the main question here. So is this just a pipe dream, or what are your reasons? Now here's questions to widen the gap. So here's the Is I just reworked my own a new sales process for a new offer or a reworked offer that we're doing and you know, I I kind of was taking this document and Seeing how i'm going to apply in a way to where I can diagnose the patient Was taking this document and Seeing how i'm going to apply in a way to where I can diagnose the pain down cost desire all that stuff like 15 20 minutes and so Here's an exercise. I got these from Tony Robbins. If you asked me, hey, well, how do you do it technically? So again, when I say 600, 800, I'm talking about VSL specific. We come on the call with a hundred percent attachment to the process. Now, and by the way, I don't see, usually this is enough. You can get tons of energy from your vision. And again, this is a place that allows you to be fully relaxed, carefree, slightly humorous, it's really the primer for a flow state, and it's because inside of you, you know it's like, it may as well already be done. Need payoff questions. So, like, with dating, it might be, like, well, with dating, it could depend, right? But just so you know who you're learning from is credible. So, how do you cultivate the intrinsic motivation so your team follows up for their reasons, not yours? Commissions are typically anywhere from 500 to 1K per sale. That's a good one for the tracking stuff. If you're still doing the 9 to 5 three years from now, would that have an impact on you? And then the second one just gonna be how I normally would do it just always, okay? So that's why SaaS companies and a lot of that, their setters are based. So feel free to go through that. So maybe somebody's off track and you say, hey, let me pause you for a second here. So you call, they don't answer, click, pick it back up, call again. Well, when you say you're, you're not clear on your offer, like what do you mean by that exactly? So this is helpful to think of because sometimes the prospect is unaware they even have a problem. So ultimately, what's the goal? And then finally, that how do I eliminate fear of success? You don't get very good results. Just by the nature of doing it, you make your follow-ups so much better. So that's just my take on that stuff. If, if that's where you want to go or at the very least, man, like have a ton of experience really well connected in the space. If not, this other one, I've used it too, it works great. I'm doing it in a very trust-based way and just leading them into this. I mean, it's not even 100% certain that we're going to wake up the next day. But you want to use their own language in this. And with them, you're going to want a slower cadence, longer pauses, et cetera. But really, guys, there'd be nothing that would fulfill me more than for you to listen to and implement this training, because I've gone through so much heartache, pain, and just trial and error coming up with all this stuff. Now at the end of the day, you always have to also allocate another hour or so, maybe even a little bit more to every new lead that came in that day so you can power dial through your biggest lever point. So you see how, and you know, I know I'm getting super nitty gritty here and it's also a one and a half times speed. So this is so good because essentially, we state the timeframe and then everything is all customized because if you have one-on-one and onboarding, like to a degree, it really is all customized. It was six. Pretty crazy. So there are three formulas for explaining your pillars, OK? But we'll just play it safe. But what's more important is what coaching programs, let's say, and this is obviously if you're selling coaching here, but what coaching programs have they tried to fix their lead generation specifically? But it's really selling them. You know, somebody reaches out to you and they're working in their business, not on their business. Where do you feel like it falls exactly? Because typically, if they are, we're going to set up a two-call close and then have our second call after their call with the competitor. And then you might say something like, oh, yeah, man, like, I know this client named, or not I know, but one of our clients now, his name's Ryan, actually, does the same exact thing that you do, weight loss. And we want them writing all this stuff down because I want them to conceptualize and understand all of this stuff. It's a good question, dude. Larissa, what's your question? All right, brother, we'll see you soon. So in a lot of cases, the ROI offers, it makes sense to leverage credit so that you can use somebody else's money to take an advantage of an opportunity you'd otherwise not even have access to. And then, I, like, I've been, like, the whole year, I've been open to opportunity and I tried different things and then none of them have, like, worked to the degree that I would feel comfortable leaving. There's information gathering, we're going through all of this stuff, we've covered that, we've covered the transition, now we're at the pitch. Um, what that means to me, failure or means losing control. So let's talk about curated opportunity streams. Well, first, let's talk about clarity. However, you could literally just sometimes say, gotcha, and will you tell your partner to be on that call? Now, when you're a teenager, it's probably the opposite, right? You know, one last thing on financial qualifying, guys, like my philosophy on this, and look, every company, it's gonna be different depending on the throughput you want to the calendar, and how well you want to monitor quality. Now again, if you're triaging from an inbound lead, like it's a paid ad, then they're booking with you, and then you're doing a 15 minute to a 60 all off paid ads, well then like you're not gonna sell the console because they just tried to book the damn console, right? And because of this, we have to change the way we sell, which you'll learn through this program. It's a little bit of a language trick there. So which one of those two types of people do you want to be? Now the second part here is chunking down and I love this. Specifically, how long have you been? So anyways, not to just go on and on about that, but just wanted to drive that point home. So if you work with offers, it's like you wanna see how much time they're working because more often than not, a lot of people spend, it's not that they spend too much time doing fulfillment, it's that they do it very inefficiently. And then you want to kind of, because you're about to really challenge them here, so what you want to do is find something that you can appreciate and acknowledge about them. So information is abundant, that gives buyers more and more options and more and more control over the purchasing process, and that means buyers and money are gonna shift towards people who have the best offers opposed to people who are the best salespeople. So probably a 9.5 is as close as you're, so. It's like, you chunk down lead flow. There's just gonna be three examples, a fitness offer, and this is gonna be executing problems for syntax. The problem-based questions are really what you're gonna focus on for the triage, okay? With B2C, it's more of an emotional type of thing. So the last three months you've been doing 5k a month, right? Let's say, you know, with the Facebook ads example, one, you know, one month they got banned and they didn't bring any revenue at all or like they brought in 20% of what they usually brought in. There's client wins, also wins if you train your team. OK, well, what was your experience with that program? And that's because, at that point, what I was selling was something I'd actually done, okay? Like you don't want it to be like real pointed. So again, not a deal breaker, but man, what I, see the reason I asked that was when I asked that first, why now, what shifted for you, what happened? Now, five grand a month, you still wanna kind of ask why that's important, because five grand a month might be enough to be able to quit their job, right? I just knew all the questions. A lot of people, and I know this is very nitpicky, but a lot of people, when they start their goal conversation off with the prospect, they'll start by wanting to talk about money, especially in B2B offers. But then we still wanna stretch it a little bit further so they see the long-term vision, okay? Now is the right time. So I'd recommend you do the same, but it's up to you. And they're like, oh, no way. Okay, I just ask my setters, hey, what are you guys sending? Now, easiest way to think about it, guys, upward inflecting tonality. And you're going to kind of paint that picture. So, think about creating this pitch here as creating your baseline, and then our goal is to tailor the baseline so it's super customized and super pertinent to the prospect. You know, what I tell our guys is like, you know, we want to avoid people who, obviously, you know, anything crazy to where they're on like social security, or they're, you know, living in their car, or working at Walmart or something like something, you know, pretty, like, glaringly red flags. But I would say, guys, 90%, 95% of the time, any funnel you run, you want at least about 20% of live calls, OK? So, you know, you might wanna understand, well, what do they actually do? There is non-intent and intent, okay? I mean, easy, right? Yeah. And that's why this funnel, especially once you get it going at scale, and you're spending at least 300 to 500 a day or more, you're going to be able to hire setters for this and just crush it. And then once we get you scaled up with paid, would you have a clear SOP to where you can literally hire people and plug and play them right into your company so they could take all this stuff off your plate? Can you accept that really quick? And I make sure they have a pen and pad or something to take notes with on the very beginning of the call. So that's 20 K in total revenue. Will you send me something? Now we're gonna go into qualifying. Well, do you have that pen and paper that you had at the beginning of the call? So there's like the reason they would tell you if they had five, six, seven beers and you guys are sitting at a bar and there's the reason, like the good reason they would post on social media, you know, it's like bullshit. Because what we're going to go through is really just the setter processes specifically for the group funnel, because they're a little bit different than VSL. You don't have to manage team. And then they laugh. Like they're not dumb, dude. And most people try to require their salespeople to do a certain amount of touches and a certain amount of follow-ups, and that's just the wrong way to think about it. This is something where we're rolling up the sleeves, doing this with you, and really making sure this project gets across the finish line with you. Anyways, moving on to strategy four. What's next? So same situation, but let's go over how to handle it the right way, all right? Then we hit them with this. So, in essence, they collected 75 grand. But you'll see exactly what I mean when we go over the wrong way. The first one is to understand if and how you can help the prospect, and in order to do that, you must define current and desired situation, of course, and then the other thing, the only other thing, is to eliminate objections before the close, which means destroying all the possibilities to get there. In whatever designated timeframe that is. We've just talked a lot about bigger financial decisions are made by both of us and I don't feel comfortable just dropping $2,900 behind her back because I'd be bothered if she did that. Like, I did so many freaking tie downs here that he's in. Sometimes you're going to get to it through finances. So I'll tell you what. We know how to diagnose them. Now, moving on, let's talk about the bridge or the pillars, OK? I mean, so what I'm hearing is then, you know, even with those goals and those timelines you're still, you know, even a little bit potentially considering getting some mentorship here. You're like, dude, if you want it, great, because you should do it, but if you don't, you basically don't get it and it's your loss, and then they buy anyways. And you also risk derailing the call and then redirecting towards what you do in your pitch. Gotcha, and what price point? I just want to lose an extra six pounds to get to 12% body fat so that, you know, whenever I look good all throughout the year, I look really good on the beach and I can, you know, compete pretty much whenever I want to. And then once they're in KPI there, have them add in some calling and see how it works. Are they willing? And that one thing, once he got it in place, $30,000 to $40,000 a month consistently, and now he's actually at 70 to 80. Then we wanna ask a probing question. Once you get to that point, what number would you like to see your business pulling in net each month, month after month? And at the end he was, he was budging. I sit at a desk and I'm starting to have back pain. So let me go through this example again and do it with a little bit of upward inflecting tonality. Like sometimes, I'll give you a few examples. Gotcha, man. After you go through this entire pitch, you're definitely going to understand it. Now, in terms of how to reschedule, very, very simple, I say the same thing every time, this is the best thing, I've said a lot of things as well, this is the best thing I've found to work, okay? No, it's an in-depth training platform that I even said acts as an asset for your business, that you can train your current sales reps, future sales reps, lifetime access to it. So now we know how to set projections. But there's morning and night rituals, at least in this is how I do it, okay? Okay, so we're going to do that through what's called Socratic dialogue. Some of them do have big whys. It's just two different animals here. It should sync, okay? So what we've found through working with hundreds of clients is the ones who come out of the gate and absolutely crush it with us. And so you said you wanna make $20,000 a month. What walked me through like a day to day of, of cause it, so to me, I think the biggest thing then is like, it's a stress, right? So, you want a status drop to prove your claims to be true. Because there's no reason not to. So the money belief is the belief that the prospect has the resources, one, and willingness, two, to solve the problem. Or any bullshit like that, I can use a value-based followup and I can say, hey, not sure if you heard this, but Cole is having a training on how to X without Y next Friday at 3 p.m. I know when we talked earlier, you mentioned that this and this and this were the biggest challenges that you're working with. You know, we could use these throughout, right? So specifically, we're gonna go over scenarios in which we found cold calling be effective for high ticket info, the importance of speed. Yeah, well, people are gonna get on the calls with you guys and they're gonna be like, oh, I'm talking to a real person. And we're going to do it in a way that's going to feel very compelling to the client. Now, if you had a B2C offer, instead of monetary goal, it's going to be some sort of data point. We found that out during the information-gathering phase, and then we just basically, instead of pitching them, we just booked a second call and acted like that was our normal process, right? But, like, what I'll do is, like, my first pillar, you either want it to be a quick win slash result. $29,000, is that right? Let's go to four. Like I wanna make sure it's the right thing to do. Don't do that, okay? I was trying to follow the goals for syntax for you guys. Aspirin's the offer. Was this more helpful for you guys? Goals are like your targets, all right? Just wanted to make sure you're able to access it okay, man. You really have to decide who you want to show up as and who you want to be. But the main focus should be on the new leads, we should work new to old, okay? It's in my calendar. If you have a buyer's funnel, you may be in the lower range of this, 500 to 600. If you've ever been somebody who's taken like freaking five sales calls a day in your business and you are the only salesperson for your business, you will know that you do not want to be exhausted on your calls anymore. So hopefully this makes sense, guys. Um, you know, I'm curious, like, you mentioned kind of issues getting around the house, I'm always feeling good. And you can get through this phase really quickly guys. Like, let's say, and I'm going to use probably kind of an extreme example, but, you know, let's say you're talking to this guy, and he's doing, you know, 10 grand a month or 15 grand a month, which is, like, good, but at the same time, he's kind of the breadwinner for the household and the spouse is like a librarian, okay? Obviously you can do variations of these things, but this is like the best way to interrupt. So just be aware of this, because that's where it's going to come up the most, is in situations like that. Now, if you listen to the example I gave earlier, that'll be a good example of this, and then we're also gonna dive into these two personal examples from me. You can look at successful or not, not successful sales calls through. I think this is where I put these arrows here. I mean, you do, but like when he's really in the zone, you don't. So this is something I'd like to see you doing, because otherwise, you're just leaving easy money on the table. No matter what you're doing, as soon as a new lead comes in, you need to stop what you're doing and you need to go unless you're obviously you're on a triage call, but then you need to go and you need to hit this process up instantly. You know what I mean? This is a benefit of my program is to teach you how to do follow-up, essentially. On your call reviews. And this is going to be specific scripting in this. It's like every time, offer acquisition. And then, oh, by the way, how's it coming on, whatever, right, we'll have specific scripts for it later, but that's just a really, really easy example of you tagging them in a testimonial that's related to them. So for instance, maybe it's somebody, they don't want more money, but let's say they want more freedom. Last month, 62,000. And is it a, is it a sale breaker? So this is pretty simple, guys, don't overcomplicate this, don't move on till we understand the problem and the full context on the situation and the problem, why that problem's a problem, we've assigned some specific numbers to it, like we know their revenue, their current lead flow right now, if it's a lead flow issue, maybe it's weight loss, well, you don't gotta know their actual weight, maybe they have a dating problem, well, how many dates did they go on in the past 30 days? Amiri says this is great. Like, if you're setting the standard for them, and it's about you, and it's about your numbers, and it's about being a part of your team, and it's your reasons, then that's extrinsic pressure. So you'll be getting that call recording and I'll break it down step-by-step in one of the following videos of this week. So let's say you sold that. And we're going to break it down in parts and then assimilate it at the end. And then, like, also start to think about, like, what should be, like, automated, delegated, eliminated? Now, as we go into business, the business data point is always going to be income slash revenues, OK? And so on the flip side of those things you don't like, like what type of career? So it's going to sound a little bit smoother as you write this out and practice it, and you're in dialogue with the prospect. And certainty lends to decisive action in your prospects, okay, so knowing that to be true, how do we create these? I'd rather you just tell them, yeah, we're going to set baseline and get you some homework, and you're going to send in a call, right? And then finally, you know, maybe you throw out all these cards, the partner's not gonna be working with you. And actually, around that 20 to 30 call mark, I ended up revamping the pitch and changing it slightly to the version of it where it is now. And it's a big reason why they won't close, but still the closer who makes more offers per week, typically will make more than the closers who don't make as many offers. See, that's how you, easy financially qualifying there. So you got to understand the problem, guys. Like, they'll love that. It's a huge ROI to have that. The other thing is, as well, is, you know, when you're starting off, if you want, like, you know, until you have three setters, you can really just free for all the leads, and it's probably fine. The setters can also, for here, they can take bad apps, they can triage people from inbound who can't get on the calendar, all of that stuff. So go through those. Or was that just new revenue? Now, if you ask any questions, they say, well, what's the investment? For 24, I'd probably say like five or six. And if we still can't get anything, then we're going to move on to the two truths. The first reason is lack of hedging, all right? So I'll send you that over. And then he'd say, our clients last month, they averaged an average of 1,000% return on investment for their money with us, right? And then I can give you exact budget details and what we'd be spending and investment options and all of that stuff. Now some inspiration, and I think if the prior inspiration confused you a little bit, this is gonna be a little bit more practical. And this is an important lesson for you, because when a lot of you guys learn this sales training and you learn this whole new process, you take that into your calls and you're trying to follow it to a T, because you're trying to be a good student. Um, stuff there. If somebody's not at their where they want to be in business, if they're at 5k a month, Mitchell, and they want to grow their agency, and they say, you know, the biggest challenge is getting clients. Now, again, this scenario is with if they tried nothing. When I worked at other places, it's always been kind of neat. Now, that's a, you know, I have tons of clients who do this and have reported back and said this works phenomenal and they don't change it, they love it. That's where you fall in the sales frame opposed to preeminence frame when you're in the right leadership frame, preeminence, you're having a balance of some external pressure, right? If you do a two-call close, go through this entire video. So like, how do I, you know, do all of this stuff? But um, no, I mean, I think right in the two, 300,000, that's when it starts to get pretty, pretty good. And then with everything going on in the economy and all of these different things, then we can talk about when, because even if it's not the right fit for now, we can move away and leave this thing with a game plan that we can work towards in the future, even if now is not the right time. Gotcha, how does the leadership structure your company work? Anybody else? I'm just giving you guys a lot of ammo. Now, can I be just really honest with you for a second? Day leading up to this game, you're more likely to be tense, you're more likely to be nervous, you're kind of like pumped up, you're like, you know, chest bumping people in the hallways or whatever, that's what we did. The next one is necessity, all right? So let's get into the questions here. Let me know if you have questions, guys, and that's it for the training. Cause that can be a little bit direct. Why not stay where you are? And really, any objection you ever get will fall into these three. So it's like, um, it just was kind of like everything at once. Well volume is a pretty sucky for me I'm at zero closes for the week, dude Was that that's where Ryan's offer. How are you currently trying to generate leads right now? I mean, one that wasn't really an interview. So we're gonna talk about ruts right now. So it's just repeatable. Then, based on whatever they say here, if you have the context you need, okay, well, tell me more. So because of that, we want to make sure you and your partner are not just clear or not just on the same page, but that you have crystal clear expectations with us as well, so that it's very hands-on. The other thing too, and this kinda goes along with dialogue is the committing phase kind of, because sometimes with your pitch, you have a natural tendency, if you're like me, to go a little fast sometimes, okay? Most of the time you're going to ask what's the biggest challenge in your business right now and they're going to tell you everything you need to know to isolate the pain. And would you write it out and copy? So I would have acknowledged this time of his last answer and incorporated it into this one and then ask the whole, keep it on, keep it on. So it's like $350,000 a month. That's how you create intrinsic motivation. So, this one here. But one thing, one thing I appreciate about you is that you've tried a lot of different opportunities and like when one thing didn't work, you go to the next thing and like you're, you put a lot of effort, like you said, money towards this. So kind of like basically acknowledge that. A lot of people miss that as well. It's definitely worth pitching. So we're gonna learn the super basic, I'll teach you all of this stuff, and you can kind of see, I have clients who like the basic, I have clients who like the advanced pre-pitch, I'll teach it all to you, and you can see what works for you. Nothing will fulfill me more if you can do that for me. So he's not going to bump against this frame. So this is kind of the syntaxes here are going to sort of assimilate everything together and give you a really good loose flow of how to ask the right questions in what order and how to ask them in a way that build upon each other again and again and again. Right. Suppose we invited you in. And that could be honest, it could be fabricated, but I'm telling you a lot of times the best way to get clear on the pain is just to get the numbers and like chunk it down to what's really going on. And you know, once you chunk that down to that point, like, they're just, you have them almost, right? I'm going to pick up my kid from baseball in 20 minutes. So getting the prospect associated with the consequences of doing nothing. We know the answer to this question already. When we did the syntaxes, I just gave you a few of the questions I really, really like. And basically getting in flow is really the feeling of poise. So we just want to read it out again and again and again until it becomes super natural and then eventually it's just like ingrained in our being. And then, obviously, what I really, really recommend is to say it like for the 10th time, just use this syntax.