hat's up guys, Cole Gordon here, and welcome to this training called the transition phase. So what we're going to cover here is how to transition into your sales pitch with minimal resistance. There's basically two ways you can do that. 

There's the pre-pitch method, or I call it the problem education transition that I teach in the next video, and then there's also the basic transition. So what we're going to cover in this video is more of like the philosophy of what a good transition is, and then we're going to cover the specific how-to of the basic, because if you're a beginner to intermediate, or if you're a sales rep, this is really the one I'd probably recommend. It's a lot easier, it's a lot simpler, and it's just easier to nail. 

The pre-pitch and the problem education, sometimes you can use that one and it shoots you in the foot. Anyhow, before we get into this, I just want to overview where we're at in the sales process. So remember, there are six phases of the sales process. 

The one we're in now is the transition. Okay, and again, there's two different ways we can do that. This video is going to cover the basic transition. 

Cool? So let's get going. What we're going to cover in this video is first the common pitfalls salespeople make when transitioning into their pitch. Unfortunately, and look, it's funny because this is really simple, and it shouldn't be harder than... People make it, I think, harder than it is. 

It should be really simple, but what salespeople do is, a lot of times, they'll just make these critical errors that kill trust, raise sales resistance, and basically trigger all these buyer defense mechanisms before they pitch. And they're so easy to avoid, but I just see it like all the time. And I know I made this mistake for probably about a good year when I first got started with sales. 

So we're going to cover the common pitfall here and how you can avoid it. We're also going to cover the key elements of a good transition. And really what this is, is rather use the pre-pitch, use the basic, or whatever you do, it's going to cover like the underlying philosophy of the key points that you should be hitting in any transition. 

And that's what really this whole training is about, is first covering the philosophy and like why we're doing what we're doing, so that you have more behavioral flexibility. And then, of course, I'll give you the how-to as well. And that's what's next, is basically the plug-and-play framework, some formulas that you can plug in your offer and deploy this immediately on your sales calls, and some specific scripting and examples as well.

And then we'll get into some action items after that. So, common pitfalls of the transition phase. So just to illustrate this, I want you to take a step inside the prospect's shoes and imagine that you're the prospect and it's near the end of the information-gathering phase.

You've just told the salesperson everything about your situation, like your life story, a surface-level pain, the emotional pain. You're super open, you're super opened up, you're vulnerable, and like you're kind of starting to trust this person. But they've been asking a lot of questions, so they haven't really acknowledged you too much yet. 

But, you know, you're vulnerable, you're in a delicate place, okay? So, imagine you're there. Okay, what most salespeople do, and what not to do, is they barge right in with their solution as soon as they get to the pain. All right, and like, you know, somebody might even come on the call.

It sounds stupid, but it's also tricky because somebody might even come on the call and they'll be like, oh my god, you know, I'm so glad I found your ad and watched your webinar. It like made so much sense. Right now, I'm having this lead generation problem in my business and, you know, because of this problem, because I'm not getting the leads that I want, you know, I'm having one month being 10k a month, the next month being two. 

And it's like a roller coaster. It's causing me a ton of stress. My wife wants to kill me.

And, you know, it's at a point now to where I think I'm so inconsistent and the stability is so bad that my wife's pretty much giving me an ultimatum that, you know, you got to figure something out or do something different. So, like, I'm really excited to be talking with you about this and I'm really excited to hear what you have to offer. Okay, so, like an average salesperson, they might hear that and be like, okay, great.

Like, you know, he really wants to work with me. He's sold. And they just go into their features, advantages, benefits, etc.

Okay, don't do this. All right. Even if you execute the information gathering phase of the call really, really well and you hit all of the bases, you hit all of those nine parts that we talked about, we want to delicately transition into the pitch because if we barge right into it, we're going to kill trust, we're going to raise resistance and it's going to group us in with all of these other salespeople who are just hungry for the sale. 

And at the end of the day, it's going to kill the sale. So don't do that. Okay, what to do is all of these key elements I listed here. 

And before I get into those, what I really want to stress with you guys and what I really want to stress with everything that I teach is, like, keep it simple. Okay, when in doubt, just, like, keep it stupid simple. Okay, don't make any of this harder than it needs to be because at the end of the day, if you start to over complicate things, it's going to put you in your head and then you're going to become uncertain because you're in your head, right? If you heard the phrase, if you're in your head, you're dead.

And if you're over complicating it and you're getting in your head, you're causing yourself uncertainty, it doesn't matter what words you're going to say. It's not going to, it's not going to land. Okay, you're not going to have any influence.

So the more simple you can make it to where you're in the present moment, you're grounded and like you're in your body, the better. Okay, so don't over complicate this, guys. But the key element is, or the key elements, is that first we're tying down that we understand them. 

Okay, this could be like a recap. I just ask a really specific simple question that you can't screw up and that's what I'm going to teach you how to do. But we're going to tie down that we understand them and we heard them and that pretty much there's nothing about their situation that's relevant that we don't know.

Okay, then what we're going to do is we're going to tell them that we can help them in neutral language. All right, neutral language. What I mean by that is trust-based language. 

A lot of people in sales, because what's taught like way back in the day, is to frame everything in like absolute certainty. So it's like people will transition and they'll say, so based on what you told me, I am 150% confident that we can absolutely help you get to 100 grand a month. And it's like, and they even coach it to say it with absolute certainty. 

So, you know, way back in the day, I'm not saying that didn't work. All right, and it might work with more unsophisticated buyers who haven't been in as many selling situations, who haven't been sold to as much. But with more sophisticated markets, especially where the high ticket market is right now, this kills trust and it raises buyer defense. 

So don't do it. We want to use what's called trust-based language, which is very neutral language and neutral tonality. So we'll get into this as well.

Also through what we say, we want to acknowledge that we've heard them and we want to bring their pain, both their surface level and emotional pain, back to the surface. And then once we do that, we briefly state our expertise and our high-level promise. And then this is optional, but we tell a personal story or a client story to illustrate the expertise and the high-level promise.

Okay. The reason I say this is optional is because when I first started, I was using a script that really was hammered on telling a story every single time, a client case study, and sometimes it just didn't land. And I'd rather you not do it than do it and it sound robotic, inauthentic, and not land.

But now, for instance, with me selling this offer, I'm really selling you the transformation that I've had myself because I sucked at sales when I started. I wasn't a natural at it and I've worked really hard. I've invested in courses, coaches. 

I've taken thousands and thousands of calls and I've become really good. So I have a great personal story that I use with my pitch that really helps it land and also builds a little bit more rapport and connection with the prospect as well. Because when you tell a story, if you do it right, people will naturally see you within the story. 

Okay. So it's nothing crazy. We just do a little mini story here and you can do it as a personal story, which I would recommend, or a client story. 

Like let's say you're a sales rep and you're selling for somebody else. It might be more pertinent to do a client story, but personal is always better. Because for one, you're building more connection and rapport and trust. 

And two, it's not going to come off as salesy. Like if you just kind of randomly start telling a client story, sometimes people are like, oh, okay, he's, you know, he's telling a case study, right? You know, and oh, this is a salesman, right? It brings you back into that sales frame. Personal stories, you'll really never get that.

So that's why even if I was a sales rep, I would still try to do personal stories when it's pertinent and when you can land it. All right. Then lastly, what we're going to do here is get permission to proceed into the pitch.

Okay. So ultimately, this is the underlying philosophy. These are the key elements.

Everything I just talked about. There's two ways we can execute these tactically. All right. 

There's the problem education transition, which is the next training. That's the pre-pitch method. And then there's the basic transition. 

That's this training. Okay. And that's what we're going to cover now. 

So let's get into the specific scripting. And by the way, the basic transition, if I haven't already mentioned this, if you're like a beginner, intermediate, or you're selling for somebody else, I would start here and then move on to the pre-pitch and kind of experiment with that after you get some baseline going. But this is the simplest one. 

And again, it's sounding natural and it's sounding authentic is more important than the words that you say. All right. And that's actually why I put here. 

The very first thing I say is if you say this sounding scripted, it's not going to work. All right. I would rather you just say whatever's on your heart, whatever's authentic and real in the moment than you saying the best words and the best NLP in the world and it not being authentic.

Okay. A lot of times we can get carried away with that stuff and that stuff works, but if it's out of alignment, it's not going to work. Okay. 

So remember like keep the main thing the main thing. You have to sound natural and you have to be in a place of total alignment or none of this language is going to work. Okay. 

And the way we actually, because what's ideal is that you're in alignment and you're using the right language. The way we do that is through practice and preparation. Okay. 

So practice this until it becomes part of your being. All right. Like for me, a lot of this stuff is so natural that you could wake me up out of the middle of the night and tell me to do like a pre-pitch transition and I can just like riff off exactly what I would say.

All right, because I've said it. I mean in my case, I've said it thousands of times, right? It's like, it's like ingrained as a pathway into my brain. So you really want it to become part of your being because then you will be in total alignment when you bring that up and it's going to land really, really well and you're going to get great results because of that.

So let's get into the specific steps of the basic transition. So first, we're going to tie down that we understand them. This is super simple. 

You could recap here. You could like recap their surface level, financial level, and emotional level pain versus their surface level, financial level, and emotional level desires. But what I would probably do is I would just do this. 

Okay. I would say, look, so I feel like we covered a lot of here. You know, we've talked about like your business. 

We talked about the lead generation problems. We've talked about your goals and getting to X, Y, Z. You know, is there anything you feel like we haven't covered that you feel like I need to know? And they're going to say, no, I mean, I feel like we covered everything and that you really kind of fully understand more on that, which is what we want them to say. We want them to acknowledge, okay, not just us, but themselves, that we get them. 

Or guess what? And you'd be surprised how much this happens. They're going to say, oh, no. Well, like, you know, I just want to let you know that like I saw your ad on Facebook and look, I'm really impressed. 

I'm going to do this. I just can't start for two months. All right. 

So now the way I'm going to handle the rest of the conversation is going to change drastically. All right. Opposed to if somebody just said, no, I feel like you completely get me.

So you'd be surprised how often something like this is going to bring up something that is really important, right? That's an objection at the end that if we bring up to the surface now, we can eliminate that objection before the close. So that's the first step. Can't screw that one up. 

It's super simple. The next step, step two, is basically tell them you can help them and acknowledge their pain. All right. 

So really here what we're going to do is lightly with that neutral trust-based language, we're going to tell them that we can help them and then we're going to bring up a little bit of their pain that they shared with us earlier on the call. So the formula here is well, and we'll just change this to name, well-named, based on what you told me previously, I think what we're doing over here may be a good fit for you because you know how earlier on the call you told me surface level pain, you're having problem generating leads and it's making you feel a little bit like you're on that business roller coaster. Okay.

Whenever you do this, it's making you feel X, I like to put in a little. All right, because it's kind of, and I learned this from Jeremy Minor, it's called a reverse negative. So you'll say, you know, it's making you feel a little bit like you're on that roller coaster, right? And he's like, no, like I'm full on the roller coaster. 

So when you say stuff that's incorrect, they'll actually correct you. And if you do it strategically, they'll correct you to sort of what you want them to say, right? You want them to re-mention and bring back up on the call like, Oh, no, I'm not a little bit on the roller coaster. Like I've been writing that thing for 10 years, right? And it's kind of funny, but who are they telling themselves? Who are they telling that they need to change? Not just us, but themselves.

Super important. Now, these two things, surface level pain and emotional level pain, we should be getting these on the call. And like you should know these, if not have them written down on your notes before you go into this.

Okay. So that's really, really big. Like don't try to get into this and then like try to remember what they said was their surface level pain and emotional pain. 

That's dumb. You want to write this stuff down. Okay.

So here's an example of like something I would do is, well, John, based on what you told me previously, I think what I have going on over here may be a good fit for you because you know how early on the call you told me that you're closing about like one out of every maybe 10 to 15 consults you have and it's making you feel a little bit like you're in that feast or famine cycle that you mentioned and he's like, oh, yeah, definitely. Okay. And then you're going to state your expertise.

All right. So the formula for this as well, what my specialty is, is helping target market go from current to a desired situation without objections. All right. 

And this without part, like if it's going to make this really bulky to say, you can basically just take this out. Okay. But, and then you're going to say, does that make sense? One thing I want to say here is that you should also be filling these out during the call.

So like you'll kind of create a canned statement, but what you want this statement to be is you want it to be perfect for whatever they told you. Okay. So like if John is an agency owner, but I help agencies, consultants, coaches in like a broader market, you know, I'll say one of my specialties really is helping agency owners go from a place to where they have no control over their sales calls and they're closing less than 15% to a place where they have total control and they can close 30% or more without having to do any like canned rebuttals or like salesy high pressure type of stuff. 

Does that make sense? All right. So I'll say something like that and that's tailored to what he told me earlier on the call. Okay. 

So I think I just gave the example here. I'm just explaining that but yeah, so while my area expertise is helping solopreneurs who are doing less than 20 or closing less than 20% on their calls and feel like they're don't in control or they're not in control, start closing 20 to 30% or more without having to feel like objections. Okay. 

Does that make sense? We want to tie this down. Okay. So then step four is we're telling a case or a case study slash a story.

So the formula here and like guys a story is really easy to tell it's like you know here's the setting but this happened and then therefore here's the resolution, right? And here's the payoff. Here's like the lesson. So for instance, you know how earlier I was mentioning to you that character and situation of the story but conflict.

All right. Well, once I got this down, I was able to pay off. All right, so the example will make more sense.

You know, so for instance, you know how earlier on the call I was telling you that I was running my agency like three or four years ago when I was, I was really good at what I was doing. I was really good at the paid traffic side of things but I just couldn't seem to convey that to my potential prospects over the phone and because of that I was only closing like five to ten percent. Well, once I got this down, I was not only able to close 30% or more of the prospects I was speaking with but I was able to do it in such a way to where I didn't have to pressure people at the end or even really handle a lot of objections.

So that same process to help me do that about three or four years ago, what I'm going to do is actually essentially transfer that into you into about an eight-week time frame if that's something you'd be open to. Okay, this is important. All right.

If that's something you'd be open to like right because we don't want to right now we really haven't even assumed that he wants what we have. Okay. So if that's something you'd I'd say even be open to is sort of keeping it very neutral.

It's still we're not even pushing anything on them and we're keeping it neutral and we want to do that with our tonality as well. Okay, that's important. So you want to use these and they want to be authentic like it's kind of hard for me to do on this training because I'm literally reading something off of a script. 

Okay. But like on a call when you're in that flow of the call it's a lot easier and it should be more in alignment than probably even how I'm sounding now. Okay now some key points about how to use stories and case studies during your transition is that first I already mentioned this but like use your story if you can especially if you have the transformation the client wants.

Like in my case, I know a few of you guys in this program you do have the transformation your client wants use your story because you're undeniable proof. All right, like if you tell a case study technically, you know, your prospect might be thinking like, okay, dude well, he could have just made that up. But if you tell your story, I mean you're speaking with them. 

So you're undeniable proof and it builds rapport builds connection and it's just I don't think it triggers as much sales resistance as opposed to like, oh, okay. This guy's telling me a case study right now type of thing. Now, especially with client stories, like if you are telling a case study the best thing you can do is seed it in the beginning of the call.

Okay, this was a huge breakthrough I had when I was telling, there's an offer I was selling to where the sales process we were using they really wanted us to tell a lot of stories during the transition. So when I started seeding them the receptiveness of these stories was way better. Okay, and what I mean by seeding is you see how I said, you know how earlier I was telling you that and then it's character and situation but conflict. 

So you want to seed these earlier. So let's say for instance, this guy's telling us that you know, he's like, yeah, man, I feel like with my agency I'm so good at what I'm doing but I just can't figure out the lead generation aspect of things and it's so frustrating because I know I can change these clients lives. I just can't get them on the phone and I can't convert them.

Okay, even if I get them on the phone, I can't convert them. All right, we might reflect back and say like dude, I totally know what you mean like three or four years ago I was doing a paid traffic agency for e-commerce businesses and it was the same exact thing. I was like if I can just convince these people on the phone that I can help them then I'm going to change these clients lives, but I just never seemed to be able to do that.

So I absolutely understand where you're coming from. Okay, see what we did here is we told the character and the situation and the conflict but we didn't go into the payoff. That's huge. 

Okay? So this is something we would do in the information gathering phase when they're telling us their pain. We relate to them, but we don't tell them the payoff. So you might say it with your clients like yeah, man I had a client named Bob.

He uh, he helps people, you know women who are 30 and over lose weight and it's he was really frustrated because he felt like he was really good at what he did. But when these women got on the phone, they were so you know, they were so overcome by their fear. He just couldn't get them to pull the trigger and it was so frustrating for him. 

So I totally get where you're coming from with that, right? Let's say we had like a weight loss prospect on the phone. That's something we would relate to them but we don't tell them but then once Bob started working with me he had this result, this result, this result because then we're like selling in the middle of our information gathering phase. So instead the best way to do this is to seed the first part in the information gathering and then tell the rest in the transition.

Because then he's going to be it's going to come off way more natural. The person will be like I'll be like, yeah, you remember I was telling you about Bob earlier who was that health coach like he couldn't get the women to overcome their fears and etc, etc, etc. They're like, yeah, I totally remember Bob. 

Yeah. Well, um once Bob figured this out he was able to x, y, and z. So a lot of the process that I showed him is essentially what I'd be transferring to you in about an eight week time frame if that's something you'd even be open to. All right. 

So hopefully that makes sense guys. Again, this is optional. All right. 

I've closed a lot of people not telling any stories at all but if you can tell your personal story and you can seed that in the beginning portions of the call it's gonna help build a lot of rapport and then when you tell the payoffs it's just it's a natural way to really go into what you do. Okay, so regardless if you tell the story or not then we're to get permission to proceed. So we'll say something like that said where do you think we should go from here? You know, I can walk you through the entire process a to z of getting you to 30 grand a month if you would like but you tell me where you want to go.

Okay. Um I would add this here of getting you to outcome. So that said where do you think we should go from here? I can walk you through the entire process of getting you up and going and closing 30% of the 30% or more of the calls that you're having if you would like but you tell me where you want to go. 

Okay, if you've watched my pre-pitch training, pre-pitch training, um, sorry, I hate this thing that comes up here. If you watch, if you watch my pre-pitch training, um, I talk about this and um, I think I refer to it as like pass off and illusion of control because I like to name things fancy things and basically what you're saying is where do you think we should go from here and then you're making a suggestion I can walk you through the entire process a to z of getting you to 30% or more closing ratio if you want to but you tell me where you want to go. All right.

So you're giving basically permission here permission here and then you're making a suggestion. The reason we make the suggestion is that they'll always take the suggestion. All right, whatever you put in the middle they're always going to bite it. 

All right, they'll be like, yeah, man, show me the a to z I'd love to hear about it. And then we have permission. They basically just asked us to to pitch them.

Okay, so again Where do you think we should go from here? I can suggestion But you tell me where you want to go man balls in your court All right, this gives them the feeling of control. Everybody wants to feel like they're in control. All right So this is really important no matter what do this Which leads me to my next point. 

All right Even as I was creating this I was thinking like You know with the story and the high level promise and kind of even step two here I don't want you like the last thing I want guys is for you to sound scripted and inauthentic okay, because This is one of those things like any sales of death by a thousand cuts If you can do this stuff and do it naturally and just nail it. It's gonna help you. Okay But it's not the end-all be-all like if you don't do this you can still close sales Okay, so If for right right now, you're like, okay. 

I need to practice this but on my calls Um, i'm not ready to implement this right now because it's sounding too inauthentic. It's not sounding. Um It's not sounding natural. 

It's not sounding real then. This is what I want you to do Okay, I call it the super super simple transition And basically it's just parts one and five That's it. All right, it's the most important parts of the entire thing it's tying down that you understand them and It's getting permission to proceed and like the best part about this one is sometimes you have like these weird prospects on the phone and you know, you can help them but like You're just not really confident that you can acknowledge back to them. 

Um their pain and You know, you don't really want to get into your promise. Maybe you're like not feeling good that day So you just don't want to screw it up Then just do this okay one in five so basically Look, I mean, I don't really have any more questions. Um, you know, is there anything that we haven't covered about your offer your business your goals? Just your situation in general. 

I mean, is there anything we haven't covered that you feel like I need to know? Okay. Well, I mean john based on what you told me previously I think um what we're doing over here may be a good fit for you. So That said, uh, where do you think we should go from here? I can walk you through the entire process a to z of how we would get you to about 30 closing ratio if that's something where you want to go, but You tell me balls in your court okay, so um That's the super simple one parts one We're tying down that we understand them same thing Based on what we told you told me previously I think that what we're doing over here may be a good fit for you All right, not i'm a hundred percent confident that we can get you to 100 grand a month blah blah blah blah Okay, we don't want to say that um That said where do you think we should go from here? Um, the reason this is a little bit less ideal is because there's no because All right Um anytime we give a reason about something It helps us justify it to be true Okay, so the reason that if you can i'd rather you do the other ones is really because of the because um So and and you could do like for your because you could just tell your story You could state your expertise because my area expertise is helping x to get to y by z Okay Um, but like if you're not confident with that stuff and you need something super simple just do this Okay, so from here. 

I want to give you guys some action items. The first one is choose which one you're going to do Okay, basic transition super simple one. Whatever's in more of alignment right now Choose what you're going to do, but practice this one get this one down. 

Okay? And then also get your high level promise statement down that's up here Here we go Uh, what my specialty specialty is is helping target market go from current situation to desired situation without objections All right now again, this is going to be tailored to each and every prospect so don't you know create one statement and then be married To it like I heard Somebody say the other day um I can't remember the specifics, but you know, it was basically the prospect was saying You know, he was very specific about what he wanted and the salesperson stated their specialty and it really wasn't like It wasn't in alignment with what the prospect said, but you could tell that he had stated that specialty like a hundred times So he just wasn't thinking about it and he just stated that just to state it. Okay, don't do that I mean you're defeating the purpose of it. We want to state it so that they're like, okay Well, this guy is like he helps me get from where I want to be where I am now to where I want to be right boom um So create that statement Okay, get familiar with that. 

And then also what i'd really encourage you to do is whether you use a story here or not um Like start to get associated on what your story is around your offer Even if you're a sales rep, i'll tell you what when I was a sales rep, I would always create a story around Myself a story around the product and a story around the founders in the company And really the one I used the most was my personal story. Okay, and i'm telling you what Um, and that was basically a story of how I got involved and why I was so passionate about about what

(This file is longer than 30 minutes. Go Unlimited at TurboScribe.ai to transcribe files up to 10 hours long.)